willed into existence to doot-doot
Sturgill motherfuckin simpson and his
band just let's introduce everybody okay
yeah you do it
alright next to you is my my drummer
miles chuck he plays the bass down on
the end is bob he plays the keys and
this is our head of security this is
justin he's a you know we weren't sure
about this play so we brought it's a
sketchy joint um
mmm you guys were fucking fantastic last
night we had a great time thanks
so the Troubadour is such a great place
to see you too because it's so intimate
man you know it's such a it's a really
interesting place it's so tight you know
yeah so old-school and a fucking million
shows have happened in that joint
everybody everybody mm-hmm yeah it was
interesting for us we didn't feel like
it was a good show I think we kind of
woke up about halfway through but also
now first time we've been this close to
people in a while it was a great show
man I enjoyed the fuck out of it and
Suzanne from honey-honey Suzanne Santo
she came with me too she loved it it was
great man we had a good time what a bad
show oh come on it was amazing we had a
great fucking time and it's just uh it's
such a treat to see someone in such a
small venue you know that venue is so
like everybody was like jammed up on on
top of everybody so when people went
nuts
for the songs you know like you felt it
like you really realized when you're in
a venue like that how much that
contributes to the experience you know
intimate event a venue can ruin a good
show sure yeah anything we don't really
like the amphitheater like the outdoor
ampitheatre yes to the tin roof sheds I
feel the same it's not it's there's no
connection because everybody that is
close to you is sitting down and then
there's this giant picnic going on
behind them up on the grass it's all
just a weird separation what happened
Jamie what are we doing oh I thought you
were trying something new up
[Music]
yeah the amphitheaters are weird I mean
they could be great oh there others the
picture from the truth our last
tells fun man nice that place I mean how
many people is that seat like 400 I
think 500 I'm stuffed in there that is a
fire hazard sure someone someone Bobby's
organs a fire hazard it was a good time
though it really was
I saw Everlast perform there recently he
was there like just a few weeks ago I
met that dude once he's awesome he is a
chill guy man he really is the best
where it was at mode this got Dawn's
like a skate it's like a skate shop
my buddy Ian took me to this skate shop
there's a bunch of sneakers I was
looking for some sneakers and it's just
this little sleepy skate shop and and
then he's like hey let's go out back we
walked up back there's like 12 X Games
champions back there just slay in this
halfpipe I've never really seen that
shit that up close like that just like
you know thrashing and it was intense
and then we're sitting there hanging out
and then fucking Everlast it shows up
from how's babe crazy he was so cool
he's super cool but I remember the one
of the first times I ever met him it's
one of those weird ones were you like am
I really hanging out with this guy this
really ever laughs from House of Pain
right you know jump around was such a
goddamn gigantic hit I was like one of
the greatest hits of all time like one
of the greatest I mean I guess you would
call that a hip hop song right but it
was it was a giant hit with like my
generation so just be hanging out with
him was super surreal I'm sure he's had
a very interesting journey
fuck yeah yes he was the first guy ever
smoked a joint with with inside a casino
- he just fired her up I go where he one
spoke that he was where they just start
smoking it I was like alright I guess
we're gonna do that that was a pretty
album I think I wasn't like seventh
grade it was written too furious I
remember that yeah the ferris is a good
word for it you know a rip shit kill it
yeah cut your gut and spill it treat you
like a gas tank take that ass and fill
it
yes that's nefarious go for a ride to
where I reside but you face them a
pillow and have you weeping like a
willow it's what it is y'all
it's prolific yeah that's intimidating
right for sure that doesn't that doesn't
freak you out a little
especially if someone says it with uh
with his voice you know I'll smooth
engine of Larry Bird Jersey you've tried
a lot of different forms of music
do you ever think you would ever do
hip-hop oh god no that would be a weird
stretch uh well there's just so many
other people that should do it
other than me you know I would love to
but no I would love to produce a hip-hop
record with Bob I think we could
probably make some fat fucking tracks
and just get some rappers to do the
actual art yeah you know I think I know
what you're saying I know how you
feeling but I think you could pull it
off I think yeah I think you could stir
Jill yeah no bullshit
I spit on the bus a little bit truth be
told all right yeah you'd have to be lit
but you could do it you know who can
fucking rap for a white guy Shia LeBouf
me yeah you did some radio show years
back out here in LA and like it was
actually impressive Wow yeah as
freestyles was fired if for a dude who
was a white guy it's a risky choice
right it's gonna risk each I thought it
and you gotta figure you got to decide
whether or not you're gonna go with our
gonna use a Shia LaBeouf album rap oh
there you go open up the doors manifest
it make it happen yeah white guy rappers
have to be real careful with their
accent like got to figure out how you
gonna yeah that's always weird hey gonna
pull that off I went to high school with
a lot of those white guys that like did
that tried to like talk like they were
black and never could understand what
was going on it's a weird one it's a
weird one Myles Myles and I went to the
same high school he gradually learned 15
years after me so he knows about the
wharf Oh what for caddy the what I'm
talking about I'm sure it was still very
much a thing oh it still is we were just
talking about like how few white guys
come successful rappers like what that
what if all the things that people
attempt to do that might be one of like
there's only like a few there's like you
know Eric from ever ever last from house
pain there's a mmm there's um Phoenix
Miller Mac Miller yeah
third base third base for sure those
guys it was great
Eminem of course yeah Eminem of course
you might be number one yeah he's number
one I think he's a just an all-time
great rapper period yeah white guy or
not mmm-hmm but like white guys that
want a rap boy the white guys that want
a rap versus white guys were successful
rapping that fucking numbers too
pendency those are not good odds that's
intimidating right there's no denying
that some white guys know yes in four
months
like he had like a whole yeah yeah yeah
talking to Mike brother yeah sorry I
just said he did the patois thing yeah
yeah yeah he went Jamaican on us right
but it was really good he's from Jamaica
Oh was he yeah that just keeps getting
better nice as hell up there how did he
yeah go to the mic goes from Toronto
yeah are we looking down yeah that's
like a good call good call I loved that
one song though that Informer song was
badass
that's insane would be no what I would
say what's the city but he's from
Toronto born in Toronto yeah born in
Toronto 49 Wow there you go yeah he went
to Macon and no one else even ventured
to step in his footsteps it was like a
successful hit song but it didn't like
open up a whole door of like Jamaican it
didn't even open up a door for him man
that's the only fucking song anybody
ever heard that good that always freaks
me out about your business is that there
are a few cats that come up with one
song that just fucking smash well that
happens because whoever is in charge of
their career as one of us there's
interest which is pushing that single
and then it does its thing and if they
can't come up with the identical thing
again they don't know what to do and
then they just stick them on a shelf and
you never hear from them again
I know but it just sits off it's so
final like if you're a comic and you
have a shitty special you can get your
shit together and come up with a good
next special there's nothing like a huge
hit to destroy your music career how
many I mean really really good songs if
you stop and think about history we're
from a band where you heard like maybe
two of their songs ever I would say 90%
of them so many so manma pop in that in
that world you know if you're like it's
radio songs yeah in syndication yeah
this is usually how much is that
changing for you guys because the
Internet
I mean you when you first started your
career like how much of an effect did
the internet have on like promoting
things or getting the word out on things
versus now huge because we were not on
radio even now when did you when when
did we a triple a play now things like
that but you're not gonna
I guess I'm early on touring blogs and
reviews press and things like that gets
circulated word of mouth from shows
people come to shows they get their mind
blown they talk about it on Twitter you
know and then it just it's organic
grassroots kind of thing and you sort of
realize at a point you don't really need
any of that other antiquated shit people
but but to make it happen like we did
you have to go out and do the labs you
have to put the time and earn your
medals you can't like just sit on
YouTube right stuff all the time that's
a big part right you shows like how many
live shows you guys are doing well now
it's already out there so people just do
it for you really spreads easier and
faster now but like you know miles has
been with we've been playing together
since he was 19 and like you know
playing for people sleeping on one side
about two weeks ago and then he drives
seven miles and or some sort seven hours
and you hope 13 people show up so maybe
buy a t-shirt and shit so you got gas to
get to the next town there's a lot of
life questioning nights out there in the
early days you know you know Roy Wood is
Roy Wood jr. mmm really hilarious animal
comedian he had a really similar story
when he was talking about his beginnings
as a comedian that he would get these
gigs and he wouldn't have enough money
to get home
that he would get gigs and while he was
there he would take a job like a day job
like a day laborer he would you know
we're fucking hard hats and gloves and
shit work all day and then do the
stand-up at night it's like that those
guys who go through that kind of stuff
there's no substitute for that no
there's no there's no other way like to
really get that there's something about
the seasoning of the unsuccessful or
barely successful early years it seems
for all my favorite artists it's it's so
critical like they all have it whether
they're comics or whether they're
musicians
does that fucking grind in the beginning
where go left or right like you can make
it or it could completely fall apart and
you have to be almost delusional and a
little crazy you know I was I mean I had
a great job that I quit to go do this
shit finally like give it a go I was
probably 35 years old you know there's a
lot of nights where it's like what in
the fuck am i doing you know I mean it
worked and yeah that's why last night so
fun because nobody else well I wrote a
song about turtles and drugs one year
and nobody else to so I just I feel like
yeah whenever a country music song comes
out with DMT in it you got my attention
psilocybin LSD that was a great song
though it was a great song to introduce
the world to a different idea you know
it's just music man you know like
whether it's country or psychedelic or
psychedelic country if it's great it's
just great you know and you switch it up
this new album is so weird
it's great it's great but it's so
interesting if you go back to like your
first album and then listen to this out
like that's not the same fucking but it
is I know they're all different
expressions or interests but that's
really exciting you know
when when someone mixes their style up
as much as you do and you guys put
together these albums you know each one
of them is they're uniquely you but
they're all different it's a it's a
you've got a real weird thing going on
man like if you went back and listened
to your first album and then listened to
the they're all awesome but they're
awesome in like all these different ways
man you know it's so cool to see all
this experimentation like this
anime thing you're doing with this and
it's really bad that that was really
just sort of a a lot of things lining up
out of my control that that that movie
we only started on that literally a
little over a year ago and just the way
it all came together and how many people
were working simultaneously is the only
reason it got finished as fast as it but
it definitely delayed me releasing the
record for at least a year but it's such
a great idea yeah well I mean you know
if we're here well the whole reason we
went in the studio made this thing is
because we reached a point of burnout if
I definitely did and then you also reach
a point where it now you realize the
only way we're gonna survive and make
money as musicians is touring so why
wouldn't we make this as fun for
ourselves as possible and you know you
play these festivals and then you're
rocking out three or four songs and the
people are jumping them and I just kind
of asked their why why can't we just go
do that for two hours and make music
that people can dance and have a great
time too and still you know miles has
probably been listening to me talk about
making you know fucking dubstep rock and
roll record for five years and we
probably did it but it's it's great that
you take those steps you know these guys
helpful lot too left we were touring in
2018 the music was just sort of going
there anyway
on stage how is it how's it going there
anyone's age like you guys we're just
stretching out more abandoning course
fundamental structures of the songs like
I don't want to be a karaoke machine
anymore I got like I just got so bored
and burnout with Stanford and playing
the shit the same way every night and
you do isolate some fans but at the same
time like if we're not inspired how the
fuck is anybody else gonna be right so
eventually you will find your audience
that wants to go with you and music you
know and one of these songs were turning
into 10 and 15 minute just me being high
and I was having a good time you know
yeah that's what I caught that the brace
for impact on Colbert somebody shared it
yeah you know I hadn't seen it basically
since we did it in 2016 and it's almost
a completely different song right like
you could literally
the changes from 2016 to now it's
amazing yes we made this record June of
2017 and had to sit on it couldn't play
at any of it you know you go out and you
do the other thing so now almost two
almost two and a half years later well
from the time we recorded in the studio
and I was writing those lyrics we were
making this music and in the moment
we'll go out we've been rehearsing for
two weeks and it's already at a point
like shit what I wish we could have
recorded it now because you have all
these ideas that you just don't have in
that moment and you get a year and a
half later on a tour playing that
material it's a whole other animal you
know because you just found all these
little idiosyncratic nuances and things
that you can flourish that you just
don't think about when you're in a
control room for 18 hours a day
is that a common tactic the way you're
always changing your songs you're always
fucking with them and continuing I hope
so
yeah so does it comment with other
artists it should be it should be me if
they're you know worth a shit
but is that a normal thing like when you
guys get together and talk about how you
make songs like comedians talk about how
they make jokes we don't really talk
about it
you guys don't write lyrics and stuff or
maybe have like a rough idea structure
and form of these guys are all like
bonafide musical geniuses man they're
all like they're flavor that's why you
know like on this record I've never done
it before but at a certain point anybody
that's in the room is contributing
whether they're right and the songs are
not just their presence the energy they
bring to that track like they're if you
got a guy that plays the perfect thing
the first take your what are you really
producing you know your heart you're
hiring someone for what for as a tool
and you know the Nashville there's all
these session players so in a sense it's
just this giant toolbox and there might
be 10 guys you could call it a day to do
this thing but act 2 of them might be
way more perfect for this specific thing
than those other 8 mmm they're all
badasses but you know you know you can
flavor I mean I just found the right the
right flavors that I want to stand up
there with because he's got I could make
10 records with these guys and they're
all gonna
like 10 different bands now is this
because you guys don't have I mean how
much of influence do record companies
have on new bands like when new bands
are coming up and they're trying to put
together their music how much influence
the record companies have on the
creative process it just depends that
they discover them or they already are
the or they jumping on board with
something that's already working well I
mean someone like Anna as an artist like
someone looking at you as an artist to
go yeah you'd let him do whatever the
fuck he wants you know let him know
that's a very rare thing it's rare well
you're exactly with record companies
right yeah yeah I had I got it
contractually written into my contract
that nobody could tell me what to do so
it's common that you get fucked with
well everybody's gonna have their two
cents employers are gonna here's what we
really want you to want to do right
because probably I would think there
would be executives to go stop stop
fucking with it right there just leave
it right there trust me put it out like
that those would be like actual record
men the guys that used to run the record
business like they knew what the real
shit was and you don't fuck with the
real shit but there's very few of those
people actually working in the record
business anymore it's all like 25 30
year-old bottom line quarterly report
motherfuckers it's all about the money
yeah but wouldn't you think that
excellence would bring money especially
today in this Dainius with the internet
it's a way to sell excellence yeah then
they have to work and find it as opposed
is like formulating this tried-and-true
Mrs Butterworth recipe proven yeah you
know just give me 17 of those I get it I
would just would suck to be in a
business with art you know or like
you're thinking about it like a business
yeah but it's art mmm it's a product any
but you're amusing those people involved
anything turns into a product right yeah
but it's just the the business aspect of
it like someone trying to think about
what's the best way to sell it what's
the best way to what's the best way to
push it what if we changed this and
added that I'll put some gospel singers
in the background what if we did this
what if we you know mm-hmm yeah but
you've avoided it what
get this person to like grab reverse on
it how'd you avoid it what did you what
did you do to avoid most of that
bullshit still figured it out I don't
know man just didn't do it
I say no a lot I think that's the thing
to say yeah yeah I'm lazy shit
I got to really want to do something
yeah especially you don't have to right
right man what were you doing at 35 when
you quit mmm we're gonna railroad where
I was the operations manager a really
r2a intermodal yard out in Utah Wow we
run on a rail yard uh just overseeing
the switching crews that when the trains
would pull in from the east and west
side of the yard we would break those
trains apart and like look at other
manifests and drag cars off of the rails
and build them into those trains and
then crew him again and get him on Milan
I was working like 90-hour weeks
mostly cleaning up train wrecks and
derailments or likely blew a switch and
put three cars on the ground we were the
central artery in the Midwest or really
that that corridor is kind of the cross
section of the entire country's shipping
Commerce so if we fucked up and tied up
the main lines then we kind of shut down
the railroad do you know what's fucked
up you could never tell a kid hey you
want it you want to make meaningful
music this is what you got to do you got
a struggle and like difficult jobs till
you're about 35 and but you know barely
get to where you want to be where you're
really kind of freaking out about your
future and then pour yourself your heart
and soul and then find success after
that that's a good move if you want to
have impactful music it's but if you if
you get into music like early on in your
life and make it career early on in your
life you miss everything that you did by
being an older like you're you know a 35
year old man that makes it jump yeah
that's I mean an old move that makes
sense but there's been a lot of
incredible artists that made some truly
visionary shit at 20 you know for sure
but there's a life experience aspect to
your music oh yeah I mean I wouldn't
know what the fun everything this shit's
right about if I'd done it
yeah I'd be righted god knows what I'd
be writing about probably pussy yeah for
sure for sure yeah and you're young well
what are you thinking about you know if
you're talking about stars and
horoscopes and shit you're probably
bullshitting people the podcast got
weird real quick unless he does that now
thirdly talks about stars and horoscopes
now what do you think about horoscopes
you think that shit's real on astrology
what do you think of a horse ghost I'm
actually interested but he thinks about
whores good yeah what do you think about
that I mean somebody's just making shit
up for other people move that mic so you
don't have to break your neck yeah yeah
you're just making stuff up if you're if
you're reading the horoscope or
someone's trying to plant like give you
some sort of indication of what's gonna
happen serendipitously or by fate either
way it's just someone making the shit
outta source shit people's looking for
patterns I think I'd have to learn about
like the astrology aspect if they're
turning there if they're using that I
don't know numerology is the only thing
in that world that even remotely
interested me well how's that
interesting is based on like mathematics
and universal equations and she I don't
know basically like don't write some
people you can get a little loopy with
it and they will like they won't fly on
an airplane they'll have their
numerologist look at the flight numbers
number on the plane and and how these
things all correlate with her this is a
wise decision or not you know that that
to me is just like what you know Nancy
Reagan was all deep into that really she
was deep into astrology actually and she
had like some famous astrologer who
would read do the readings for them and
she would dictate whether or not Ronald
Reagan should go and do shit based on
the numerous aced on based on astrology
it's not the same right numerology is
just no no astrology is but she didn't
she is that the case I'm pretty sure she
was like balls deep into it like really
industry ology
I've turned the assassin should be noted
up what's that yeah we're looking at
like Jamie's always on it yeah you got
it what do you got here it goes Quigley
was born in Kansas City Missouri
she was called on by First Lady Nancy
Reagan in 1981 after John Hinckley's
attempted assassination of the president
and stayed on as the White House
astrologer in secret until being ousted
in 1988 by ousted former chief of staff
Donald Regan she said I was responsible
for timing all press conferences most
speeches the State of the Union
addresses to take off and the landings
of Air Force One she claimed those she
claimed a bigger role in her 1990 book
so what does Joan say well yeah
interesting that's crazy
interesting yeah people love to believe
in pattern so that's but then there are
patterns so maybe there's a thing you
know maybe maybe there's a reason why we
like to believe in patterns but this I
agree with you this idea that someone's
gonna be able to like when were you born
Oh Tuesday 7:00 a.m. okay yeah yeah stay
home tonight fuck out of here bitch you
can't you don't know what the hell's
going on this is guesswork but also
statistically you're gonna have patterns
330 million people yep the same thing
they hunt earlier yeah a hundred percent
don't really notice patterns and people
also fight they find a way to take what
someone has said and like make it seem
like oh that's he means my brother my
brother my brother and I have this
problem we really have to work it out
that's what you say yes I think it is
your brother in fact what colors is hair
it's black yes what do you make
everything about my brother please like
have you ever been to an impasse no I
have not no what do you think about that
exactly what is that means they like
they I don't know I guess that's what
they call psychics now so you don't have
like you're getting ripped off oh really
they call and pass hats they're very
pathetic I feel things how's that what
it is you're dead you're dead family and
I don't think that anyone on this planet
I don't think there's a an equal ability
to perceive anything I think some people
way Mart
acceptive some people were smarter they
see patterns better they see trouble
coming they see problems they see things
better than other people do and I think
there's feelings that you get sometimes
like weird feelings then someone will
call you like fuck I was just thinking
about that dude that is weird
like someone sends you a tax you haven't
thought about them or talk to them in
months and months and months and all
sudden you think about them and bam
attacks comes through or they're calling
you I don't know what that is one time
we were all texting by jean-claude van
Damme in five minutes later my Netflix
recommendations are full of jean-claude
van de I've never washed the jean-claude
Van Damme movie on Netflix in my life
got a tow something treats yeah that
should creep you out that should creep
you I had a meeting with Netflix what
about this anime thing early on and I
brought this shit up and asked on Point
Blank they said no maybe they just get
results
maybe it's like they have a cleaner and
they say to this guy listen I don't give
a fuck how you find out what these
people are talking about but you could
find out right oh yeah maybe I will say
just don't tell me just do it just do it
and this guy just like this thing is
just listen every goddamn word you say
I'm providing suggestions for things you
could buy an Amazon maybe but I was
thinking about psychics though is I
think some people are probably better at
that I bet there is moments where some
people have a weird sense I just don't
think it's consistent enough for anybody
to pay money for it right I don't think
anybody's ever demonstrated a real like
provable psychic power but it doesn't
mean that I don't think that that's look
we can smell why can we smell what is
that is some shit you can't even see and
you can determine whether or not
something's terrible based on it I mean
you could smell rotten meat you're like
oh what the fuck that's your whole body
what you don't even see anything where
is it how do we not know that there's
other senses that we can develop like
our ability to perceive good and bad
people our ability to perceive whether
or not someone's like a truly kind
person or and with someone's sociopathic
maybe there's ways to see whether or not
people are compatible with your way of
thinking maybe there's ways to see weird
shit that people are thinking like if
someone's planning and they're angry
they're about to hit somebody maybe you
could see it maybe you could feel it
you don't even know what the fuck it is
but it smells like the same way rotten
meat smells like whoa I gotta get the
fuck out of here there's feelings you
get from certain people that is just a
baby sense ID sense yeah I mean it just
sucks just like early chimps were really
bad at talking you know and then
eventually they became people to talk
for a living you think you know fucking
chimps a couple fucking noises that's
all they have you know they lie to each
other
monkeys do I was listening to this
podcast afraid I forget what they were
talking about but they got to this thing
where it was deception with primates
that they'll pretend like that there's
an eagle coming so that everybody dives
down then they'll steal the fruit
they'll make noises they'll make noises
like different animals coming to get you
and they fuck with each other like they
have noises that equals Eagles and
they'll duck down I can they hear you
fucking Eagle saw Jesus they have a word
for it the word for these monkeys like
there's a certain screech that they make
that represents something coming down
from above my miles just things take it
easy on the bus I'd do the same thing
it's your favorite song I gotta sing it
yeah he loves I'm like for somebody
after Joe Walsh there were a different
band right yeah yeah this is like pre
Joe Walsh Eagles Joe Walsh makes
everything better
John Ross is the Savage yeah victim of
love anybody doesn't love that song fuck
off it's a great goddamn song this is uh
oh do we even we didn't introduce you
properly no okay how's Justin I think we
did introduce it's Mike Tyson gentlemen
I'm hanging out with these guys because
I'm a green beret and I got heard and
you saw the show last night so I'm
speaking at the shows because Sturgill
on his own well let me back up I got
blown up in March I was in the hospital
previous year I'd like come off of a
deployment had like 11 months before the
second one was bit down in the down the
dumps got divorced
had a dude die on the first trips it was
kind of like it was real rough to deal
with and then was listening to these
dudes
quite a bit and then let into the next
deployment I was there month boom almost
died pretty hard teammate saved me and
we had blood on the ground like I got
blood on on target and then they made a
hellacious movement to get me to medevac
long story short I'm eating dinner in
the hospital one of the first meals
jamming out to these dudes and I was
like mom Easter Simpson and then she
tried to get ahold of um SOCOM
eventually did and he came hung out for
like two hours I made my friend now
general bud wait like 15 minutes so that
we could finish talking about what
you're talking about which when you're
when you're an enlisted dude you don't
make generals wait but I was on a lot of
ketamine so it's sweet but uh then
startled had I was gonna had it on his
own accord to like donate to the
foundation so this little tour going on
that coincides with the actual album
release is donating to the Special
Forces foundation so that helps gold
star families which are the families
that remain of remained of the friends
that got killed on this trip so there
were four Green Berets into yo D techs
and so that money's going to them and
that's that's what I care about I don't
like I'm alive I don't have any legs
below my knees for those I can't well I
can't see my legs on the video anyway
but and I know how my testicles either
so that's a different set of challenges
but I don't care about getting taken
care of other than the normal army
processes but I want them to get taken
care of from the foundation so I'm
grateful to have these guys as friends
now they're awesome they're amazing
musicians but amazing people and then
I'm grateful to be here and just to push
that out and so people are coming to the
shows all that money goes to the the
foundation and then people can go on the
foundation's website which is Special
Forces foundation.org and yeah I
appreciate it
that's fuckin awesome man yeah it's
really really really cool that's really
cool that you're doing this and and
thank you for coming here and telling
everybody is you know it's is um it's a
great way to
it's a great way to help out and and
your music you know to connect it to
that I think that's it's just a fucking
incredible thing it's really cool you
know when you send me the text messages
telling me that you were going to the
hospital you know it's very touching
that's it was like yeah yeah you were
you know you could tell you're seriously
moved by this and you know for someone
like you who truly understands the
consequences war like the physical
consequences in a way that none of us
will understand you know it's it's very
not just it's brave of you to talk about
this but it's also it's so so valuable
so valuable for everybody that that
hasn't served to understand what it
really is so thank you for that well I
always say I really like combat because
there was in a lot of it relatively
speaking bunch of guys have been in way
more combat bunch of people treated more
casualties I'm a medic but I was in a
fair amount almost got killed on the
first trip of good handful times and
then so just don't like the war aspect
when you see your friends get killed and
you're stuck in a hospital bed on top of
all this stuff that's you know I didn't
shit for a week I piss blood for a week
I've had tons of nights of excruciating
pain it's the life of an amputee or
they're guys that are worse than me so
I'm just grateful for having what I have
and yeah that's the beginning of it like
especially on ketamine when you're going
through all that and you're just like I
was telling like the people that took
the trash out in the room like hey I'm
grateful for you brother like right on
brother
what is uh what is ketamine like after a
catastrophic injury like that does it
relieve the pain does it just put you in
another dimension so ketamine is a an
MDS sucker right yeah just and ketamine
is a NMDA antagonist in the brain so it
essentially is a dissociative so the way
that it feels because we learned this in
class as a medic and everything but the
way that it feels is kind of it takes
your perspective and it's like Shh it
always felt like a whirlwind when if I
was getting
of it but things it's like you're
starting to get your vision masked and
your present you're still there but
you're dipping into like subconscious
because you're still conscious
because unconscious would mean that
you're like you pass out and you cannot
have a gag reflex depending on how
unconscious you are so ketamine I would
close my eyes and immediately trip the
most insane ballsy you could imagine and
open up and I'd be back in the room and
I'd be like what the fuck oh and then a
friend of mine when I left my first
rotation he was an Air Force CCT that
got blown up in the same village I had a
few casualties in he stepped an ID he's
an above-the-knee some missing fingers
but when he was on ketamine when he was
awake and looking around he'd see the
walls on fire and then there'd be like
women like white pale skin in the
corners peeling the skin off their back
and he was like a wake and I was like
Judith yeah like whatever I don't know
it must be like someone's psychology
when they go in like set and setting
type thing but I was in it when I got a
lot of ketamine my legs are bawling off
I'm getting worked on I'm telling dudes
how to treat me I cut my own shirt off
and then I get the ketamine and I'm like
in and out and I see these visions back
and forth and like I was convinced I was
there are two distinct moments I was
like I'm not gonna make it and had that
conversation so and what's surreal about
this right here is that you were talking
to him on this show and you guys talked
about combat medics and you were like I
and I just singing key and I was like
right on they're talking about me and
and then I got all kinds of jacked up
makes you appreciate makes you
appreciate life and I've gone through a
huge development last year through
depression and then this year after this
blast of like being grateful and like
int do an introspection and
communicating and having empathy for
other people and being compassionate
human which general mattis has told us a
group of us on the way back from my
first trip it's like don't let this
experience of
or make you more hateful human being
because people haven't experienced it
let it allow yourself to go through
post-traumatic growth and become a
better human being and treat other
people like you want to be treated in
tree and I would add on to that which
came from Tim Ferriss treat yourself the
way you treat other people - that's not
a side of Madison you ever hear in the
press huh I suppose not
that's what I think that would be very
valuable for people didn't know that he
thinks that way that's a it's a very
powerful way to view this inevitable
you know inevitable consequences of war
that that started scraping me off the
bottom to focus on that after that trip
yeah that ketamine shed is a weird one
because a lot of people do it
recreationally and apparently they they
blast off and go into other dimensions
and shit and they go in a k-hole
something I never did sorry I knew it
dude who died from it he was really into
it it's doing a lot well what happened
men don't like an infection he I know he
he probably was doing about a bunch of
other things as well but he was getting
treated for ketamine for addiction and
then he wound up time you can dose the
shit out of ketamine yeah you didn't it
doesn't kill you you can give a kid 300
Meg's of it and they will fucking trip
balls but they are going to they're not
going to die like the opposite of all
the other drugs I think he was doing
other shit too yeah I think the ketamine
was just something he was treated for I
think he was doing a bunch of speed and
stuff too which it's ketamine was
originally like isn't a cat tranquilizer
or something like that they give it to
my wife's best friend's a veterinarian
she definitely was like jacket animals
with ketamine on the road it's it's
increasing now and like civilian
hospitals was started as like a
veterinarian drug which I mean it works
great and you can combine it with some
other stuff do you know what John Lilly
is no John John Lilly was this scientist
that he was a pioneer in interspecies
communication did also work with
dolphins and he was also a big acid
freak and he would like to take he would
take acid and try to communicate with
dolphins he didn't allegedly give
dolphins acid he was a part of his
long-standing program try to get
dolphins to talk to him but one of the
things he invented was they're not a
movie about this there is altered states
no way altered states based a lot on
John Lilly because he invented the
sensor sensory deprivation to give the
Dolphins ass of the movie no because it
just was loosely based on him because in
the movie the guy experiments with a
bunch of different types of sensory
deprivation tanks and everybody knew
that this guy he was a legitimate doctor
a brilliant guy but he was also a
ketamine freak and one thing he would do
is like you take intramuscular ketamine
and then get into the sensory
deprivation tank yeah that's a double
whammy sweet yeah a double whammy
so is that stuff difficult to get off of
or do you have to worry about that is
there like a withdrawal symptom the
issue would be with the pain like when
you have something that's controlling
some sort of level of pain and then
coming off of that you usually will wean
off of it but they're not a physical
addiction issue you know I should know
the answer that definitively but as a
medic yeah but uh I haven't heard of
anything that works card to come off of
they had you on other stuff way harder
to come off oh yeah I was on methadone
and Sturgill French shooter and Duff
McKagan came to the hospital and Duff
was like methadone is worse than heroin
because gene our guys were rocking it
the 80s but that was like I mean one one
week I dropped down tawny MiG's instead
of the ten and it was like being a
junkie like for nine hours I just like
rubbing my legs like whoa because
they're just lit up with nerve pain it
feels like there's daggers in your leg
or some sort of electrocution and you
look like on a movie with like it
someone cracked out or something I was
just like rubbing my shit we used to see
these guys that would come into the pool
hall when I used to play pool in White
Plains they would come in there was a
methadone clinic down the street and
they were all her heroin people and my
friend Johnny B would call the methadone
Ian's because they would come in they
all had like this is like sort of like
dull shuffle to them
all slowed down and I can never
understand it it was like I was like is
this like a culturally like did someone
agree
did we make some sort of agreement like
this drugs okay this is it's got you
know it's got some some stamp of
approval so we're accepting that they
have to get methadone every day but they
can't get heroin anymore why don't we
just give them heroin like is how much
different is the methadone is the
methadone get them high
let's synthesize so it's easier to
control but does it get them high I
didn't have any of while no it's just
fighting off the physiology yeah
so it just fights the physiology they're
not you know you'll never get high low
for first let's I'm spiked early
houghton narcotic yeah for like the
other the adverse effects but don't
people have like the best effects with
like ibogaine and things like that when
it comes to opiates for getting kicking
opiates yeah I mean if you want to go
through that I would say you know I
would probably be your best but it for a
for a quick solution if that's what you
mean leave the method don't like it is
actually bad for you isn't it yes it
fuck's yours I didn't sleep I don't have
deep sleep for four months and those I'd
go to a get in bed at 9:00 not fall
asleep till 3:00 in the morning that
fucks with everything - yeah it's a
pretty shitty year damn and how long
does it take you to get you off of the
methadone I mean once you're off of it
there doctors were saying that it stays
in your adipose tissue which is your fat
for like two or three weeks because I'd
have random nights when I was off of it
and just get lit up with nerve pain and
like I'm getting hit with a hammer and
my toes so probably for two they're
probably like six weeks of weaning that
and then I went another drug lyrica I
mean for you it had to fit me because
you were there at Walter Reed the whole
time you had to feel frustrated but for
somebody like my first time I came to
see you it was only what I'm about a
month after the blast at most so you he
was still in a lot of makes more pain
than I could even comprehend somebody
being in you know from their pain feel
how many how many surgeries on each leg
it's close to 30 surgeries total
which yeah there's a lot there's a
stabilizing we're back to yeah before
they taken I mean you you describe just
man just like how can anybody you know
and then he was still as he said the
first time we met he was highest giraffe
balls on Academy but like I was I was
profoundly impressed by even then like
how clear-headed and articulate and I
was obviously those guys are so
brilliant you know I mean like you just
through the fog and awareness of
everything going on in the room despite
the faint the pain he was trying to
pretend like he wasn't in I just and
then that place is full of guys like him
and everything then when I went back
it's like all new faces you know these
people but then when I went back the
second time I went to see him was there
a couple days and it was like just in a
matter of short time it was leaps and
bounds and you're using the gym on one
leg like fucking busting out 20 pull-ups
and everything you know just kind of
like there's got to be something we can
anything you can do to help in whatever
way and these guys since I've known him
I've never once ever heard him asked for
anything
his only concerns were like for the
families of the guys that that didn't
make it you know so it's just like
really were around an album release if
I'm gonna have a bunch of attention on
me I thought it would be a good
opportunity to put attention on what
other people can do to help these guys
families because they're you know the
sacrifices is especially sitting in
these rooms and looking at these dudes
man I can't even you can't you know what
do you what do you get what do you call
that yeah well I want to help so after
the show let's figure out what we can do
to jump in and I wanna I want to help so
I'll help with the podcast help with
some comedy shows maybe two just
whatever we could do I think that I'm
you know it's listen I'm blown away by
all this as much as I think all these
people are listening and watching this
is um it's beautiful that you're doing
this man and I think that you know I
mean it's inspiring me to do something I
think it's probably inspiring a bunch of
other people and that's
that's those things that people talk
about one thing that you might
experience are here in life that sort of
changes your worldview and moves you in
a better direction this is this could be
one of those things you know well you're
a good man I thought well I'm not thank
fucking anything man he's so I'm just a
dude I said oh you're just an awesome
dude all you guys it's cool I'm very
happy that you're bringing awareness to
this I'm real happy that you do on that
makes me feel great
listen you know like Justin said the war
side of it is the the tragedy I guess so
it's not like you know right or left
it's just like this is the reality of it
and people are making these sacrifices
for you and when they come home what do
we do for them you know it's a hard
thought for people to accept that war is
inevitable it's a hard thought and it
doesn't seem like it's inevitable
because it's not inevitable in this room
I mean if we were the last people on
earth and there was a bunch of food and
places sleep I think we'd probably not
kill each other I probably wouldn't go
to war right it's like what is the
number where you go to war is it a
million is a two million is it separated
by oceans is it just mountains or
boundaries but the fact that no one
thinks that war can be solved like no no
one that I know thinks that in our
lifetime there'll be no war there's
never been a period where someone on
earth that's human hasn't been going to
war with each other
it's a horrible truth of being a person
and nobody nobody knows it the way you
do so for you to come on and tell your
story the way you just did I appreciate
the fuck out of that man and
I would just want people if if they hear
that and it moves them it's more of like
I just be grateful on a regular basis
for what for anything yeah I mean Steven
Pinker was on your show I ended up face
time with him as a result of all this
but like he has that book about
basically the enlightenment worked and
we still have war and then there are
people still fighting it but overall the
world is continuing to improve and like
steadily getting better and fewer people
are dying from genocide or war but it
still exists so I'd want the respect for
war if someone is wanting to go to war
you know if someone is gonna be a
commander-in-chief and that's it that's
a heavy thing to like toss back and
forth yes it means that I may never have
kids because I don't have my balls you
know like like that you there's
sacrifice like I and I'm the one that
lived and I didn't have any kids but
like my friends have four girls my other
my other friend has three kids so like
one year if you're gonna move the chest
piece to war then we need to understand
the implications of what that means and
try to do everything in political power
in state strategy to avoid overt war
because it yeah especially nasty of
near-peer I mean that's Russia Russia
nuclear war would be the worst thing you
know it's so much world war three
mutually assured destruction is a
strangest thing on earth that we all
have enough weapons pointed each other
to literally nuke every fucking man
woman and child off the face the earth
many times over and that's what keeps us
from using them but yet we still have
them and we still haven't pointed each
other I mean remember when you were kids
and we were worried about Russia do you
remember that shit yeah I mauled my guys
and I'm worried about people walking in
the target with a suicide vest yeah yeah
ones that coming right yeah you did all
of it
because Europe's been dealing with that
shit for decades you know we really
haven't tasted that yet I going on a
widespread habitual scale so it means a
lot of people are working very hard to
make sure we don't yes like how how does
anybody ever fix that how did how does
any country how does civilization as a
whole ever fix that I don't think you
really can cuz it's a it's an idea it's
like you have to change somebody's mind
I was gonna say mushrooms but the
Vitamix took mushrooms I solutions the
Vikings love taking mushrooms and
fucking people up ketamine in isolation
tanks we were pretty much put everybody
in a good place
yeah it's weird it's just it's the I
mean most people most of the time are
never not thinking about killing
somebody but we know that there's a just
inevitable part of being human that
groups are people gonna get together and
fuck up other groups of people yeah it's
always been a part of us it's one of the
strangest things about human beings
it's truly strange because the
consequences are so awful and yet it's
inevitable I had to make that decision
this year I found out I'm not a
psychopath it was very reassuring yeah
you told me about that story yeah yeah
that was I don't know to be honest I'll
tell the story but uh before I forget
the thought it was everything else
associated with what happened after that
I found more impactful and yeah and the
stuff that lasted or stays with you it
wasn't what actually happened it was
seeing the aftermath and like the system
and how it all yeah pans out um yeah we
had a we had two home invasions within
36 hours I guess the first time the guy
came in in middle night about 2:30 3:00
a.m. and our back door add the sensor
aren't made a very signature noise and
if you live in your house you know the
noises in your house and it's for
whatever reason it just woke me up from
a dead sleep and I knew what I heard and
there
only thing that would make that noise so
I kind of sneaked my way out the hall
and down to the top of the stairs and
when I hit the top of the stairs I heard
the dog growl and the door closed back
so I knew that was somebody leaving we
have a huge fucking dog um basically
useless but he did growl and he made a
very primitive noise I was proud of him
and the guy didn't come in because of
that and I still went out there to kind
of swept the ground floor then he was
gone I didn't want to freak my wife out
so I waited til the morning a teller and
then we called police
of course one of the neighbors got it on
like a ring cam in the back alley the
guy leaving and going down the street so
I had a very clear view of him and for
whatever reason my wife and the kids
they had to go on down to where we
actually live I was working that week in
Nashville probably mixing a record or
something so I just stayed behind and as
a result of me being home alone that day
I was cleaning and working on a firearm
I'd recently purchased and assembled and
so went to bed that night locked
everything up and you know because they
weren't home I put the gun on the floor
on a padded case next to the bed so I'm
letting the next morning it's like 7:15
a.m. like sun-shining neighbor is going
to work and I hear the back door open
again and I was like this can't you know
what the fuck's that the maid who would
be here that early and I guess out of
paranoia or whatever reason I grabbed
that gun and just went to the top of the
stairs to look I still think it's the
maid and when I hit the top of stairs
and looked down staircase same guy same
clothes just standing in my living room
rolling the cord up on my headphones and
I was saying alright
I was almost impressed one that he came
back was just like a complete was
happening at this time you know so I
started down the stairs on him very
quietly and I got about halfway down by
the time he like turned and saw me and I
was looking through his fucking head
through a red dot like a videogame I'll
never forget that image this guy like
probably thinking he's about to die and
the back door was thankfully still open
the
only thing I said to him was what are we
doing here man and I hit him with a
strobe which kind of like probably to
his brain was he thought was the gun
going off because he kind of liked
seizure and then I sawed the adrenaline
spike and he turned went out the back
door and jumped clean off my fucking
porch like never hit a single step and
ran at the back gate he had latched it
and I saw this on the video later when
he came in he shut the back gate back so
he hit that back gate on a dead rant on
a dead run and just like blew it the
hell latches and wood splinters flying
it like took off down the alley and I
was I'm still I was standing on my porch
with the fucking you know yeah looking
like a jackass like of a neighbor's
literally walking out of the house going
work and shit I'm just like okay that
happened and then so then the next thing
there's like eight police officers in my
living room all they wanted to see was
my gun and every single one of them
asked me why I didn't shoot the guy and
which was I found very interesting as a
well I mean and I thought about it
finally you would one when I'm down
going down the stairs you would not
believe how much shit can go through
your head in like four seconds like I
had this whole conversation with myself
as to like wife and kids aren't here you
know this guy doesn't even know I'm here
yet
I'm holding a fucking assault rifle and
he's not a threat to me
but if I put one through his dome which
I have every legal right to do right now
there's gonna be News vans on my lawn
this is gonna be on your fucking
Wikipedia page today you know really all
of that I'm just like this guy is not a
threat yeah
and thankfully he chose to go out the
door with all those it was just so weird
they were all like why didn't you shoot
him I was like and I said that and they
just kind of looked at me and I was like
by that you know literally by the time
we engage man two seconds later he's
running out the doors where I might
shoot him in the back and then you put
me in prison and they were like ah fuck
man twice in a week you've been finally
to figure something out finger time
and who wants to take that chance
oh yeah yeah with a life in prison or
not yeah roll the dice
I mean if he did turn to ran at me we'd
probably be having a different
conversation yes but he didn't know or
if he reached for a gun
anything yeah which he didn't yeah was
he a junkie
no no he's like 25 honestly I saw his
whole fucking life on his face you know
I mean it just like got probably hard
times just a masked punk kid probably
like I was I didn't do any shit like
that when I was his age but no his
toxicology came back clean he had like
one prior for possession
just hard times desperate yeah so I got
subpoenaed because I was the only one
that actually met him and I go to the
court case and you know it was very
interesting and telling experience for
him because I've never really been to
anything like that and he was one of
maybe eight or nine other people on the
docket that they all assigned the same
public defender who literally shows up
15 minutes before they start the day to
familiarize himself with every single
case and you just saw this factory like
these young underprivileged black males
just getting pumped into the system the
DEA came over she was just like thanks
for being here yada yada and you know
there was unluckily for him he broke in
like 13 other houses then they had him
on tape and a lot of things so we had 13
or 14 aggravated burglary charges which
is pretty fucking heavy you know it's a
every one of those Class B so he was
looking at 12 to 15 I think he sang like
a bird pleaded down got six and then if
he does a successful rehabilitation
program and prison he could be out in
two and it's usually yada-yada and I
just realized like wow they're just just
throwing this kid's life away because he
you know granted he came into some
people's houses and he probably and he
almost got fucking killed and they
called him the next night like three
streets over in the act doing the same
thing but he had no priors he wasn't on
drugs it was just like no direction
probably no discipline no guidance no
heroes and I struggled with that I was
like man who's got to be like what if I
gave him a job
it depends entirely on who he is right
which I never got the chance to sit down
and find that bond that I never got to
talk to him faced it might turn out he
was just some punk fucking kid I'd be
like good luck man you know like it
might turn out awesome it might turn out
terrible it's depending upon the person
but there's so many people in this
country that are set up to fail so their
circumstances their life their
environment the way what they're
surrounded by all day long
they're set up to fail and I've always
said that if we really cared I mean if
someone really have this plan that we
always sort of impart we put X amount of
money toward this and Y amount of money
towards that but if we wanted to make
this country we want to really make it
stronger you would want less losers so
how do you get less losers you prevent
them from ever becoming losers but you
help them when you're kids during the
developmental period you mean
spend more money on education spend more
money on cleaning up impoverished
neighborhoods and crime-ridden
neighborhoods they it's not impossible
it's not like fucking breathing on the
Sun like it can be done like
neighborhoods can get better they get
better right but the idea that there's
so little time and effort put into
fixing those parts of the of our own
country I mean we have the most
resources we have this fucking
spectacular country filled with amazing
people and some of them just don't get a
chance because they're stuck in a rut
from the moment they come out of their
mother's body they're stuck in this rut
you've been assigned your lot you got
fucked you got a bad roll the dice and
that's a lot of countries man yeah a few
countries were like anybody can just put
the fucking boots down and make
something happen like one of the few lot
of claims you know Japan you pretty much
know of a second or third grade what
your Lots gonna be by your test scores
already you know if you're gonna be
working class or if you wanna university
this country we applauded when you
started out poor right we love it like
people who start out poor and then
become successful that's like our
favorite shit this is right like what do
we what is this country like more than a
success story you know
like he started out eating bread and oh
yeah oh yeah his money to barely get to
school and barely get home but he keeps
showing up every day everybody once hear
that story that's the fucking story
rocky heart yeah bro how many shows you
guys doing we're doing six of these just
as a conversation starter and within the
real tour will be oh I should probably
announce that they told me too while
we're here
we're gonna do a us full us to her
starting mid or late February and with
myself and a young man named Tyler
Childers opening I love that dude yeah
we do - big fan of that the arm so
that's happening next year and those
will also tie into a fund raising
Ticketmaster and they EG and everybody
participating that's gonna I was
listening to his purgatory album on the
way over here
were you yeah and miles and I both
fucked around in the room when that got
made it's great shit miles played drums
on it's really good most records right
yeah I just stood in the control room
and pretended to do stuff I could
confirm that yeah that's uh so when you
do a show like The Troubadour is it like
knock the rust off let's fucking well
definitely we haven't played in over a
year right and we're going back and like
working up material we literally haven't
played since we recorded it two and a
half years ago and just to get we don't
really rehearse
we just sort of knock the rust off it
takes us about three or four shows to
feel like we even know what the fuck's
happening so you guys don't get together
before you know Chuck and Bob both live
in Detroit miles an hour at Tennessee
yeah we oh we hadn't seen these guys
since October we we get a lot done at
soundcheck yeah basically but you're all
still active as musicians even when
you're not together touring I don't know
what they do and I am I'm a freelancer
in Detroit
so when you say freelancer like what is
that involved like like what he was
saying if someone needs yeah I've been
in the area for like 25 years so I play
with a lot of bands a lot of friends
who's a big group of people Detroit's a
great city for musicians so you can stay
busy you know if you know the right
people and you're not a dick
so dude just I mean I have zero musical
talent or never it never pursued any of
it so I love you
music it's one of my favorite things to
hear stories about people because I I
just loved like the idea of you going
out and and you know hey we need a
badass bass player and then you send you
over to this place and that like a
fuckin gun for hire like to me as like a
kid growing up in Newton Massachusetts
used to always listen to music I never
thought about doing it so when I see
people that do do it it's like wow that
guy is making a living making music it's
one of the to me one of the coolest
forms of art because everybody gets
inspired by almost everybody loves it
and almost nobody knows how to do it you
can always tell the people who do it
better than others to me yes there's
levels to it man yeah I mean there's
there's so big Susanne Santo and I were
talking about Gary Clark jr. last night
like this guy he's got some weird thing
going on with his fucking guitar like
it's it's a Gary Clark jr. you know I
mean like I said he puts out he has a
certain sound that's like you could hear
it like I hear a new song oh that's Gary
Clark jr. song like by his guitar sound
yeah there's like something to the way
he's got like this he he did a cover of
Midnight Rider with Suzanne and honey
honey at this like little
hole-in-the-wall place in downtown LA it
was like maybe maybe a hundred people in
the room tiny ass little crowded like
midnight on Tuesday night and I mean
maybe I'm exaggerating maybe there's 300
people but it was fucking small shit and
he did his Gary Clark jr. version of
Midnight Rider
fuck it was amazing it was amazing it's
like there's there's like a guy like him
he could pick up any guitar yeah and
plug it in any air beneath it's still
gonna sound like him yeah yeah yeah I
mean I don't know that but I believe it
I don't know shit about playing the
guitar but that makes sense to me it was
the yeah he's got a thing yeah I think
it's awesome that a guitar driven act is
headlining huge rooms - yeah theaters
and they played they played the
Hollywood Bowl yeah that's amazing
you know he's undeniable you just gotta
get the fuck out of the way you know
he's undeniable
yeah I mean that kind of music I never
I've never met any well we played a
festival once he was at and I just saw
him walking across the grass backstage I
was like that's cool motherfucker right
there he's nicest guy ever love him he's
so nice he's a really really cool guy
does any of your family play music or do
well my oldest daughter does yeah but no
one in my like my mom's side or my down
side like no one in that part of the
family played music but everybody loves
it I think it's it's there's some kind
of music in everybody you can you can
repeat rhythms back for sure
and then yeah that counts conjunction
junction and what function you're a
musician everybody everybody has music
in their life I mean everybody it people
don't like the only person I know
doesn't like music he might have changed
his stance on his Doug Stanhope oh god I
fucking hate music hate songs but I
don't know if that's true or he's just
working on a bit I mean it's hard to
tell but he's the only guy no it's even
espoused those ideas that he doesn't
like music do you ever do that do you
have conversations with people and they
don't know you're actually working on
material no because if I'm saying it I
probably really do mean it right you
know or I'm just trying to be funny and
then it turns out like oh I could say
this on stage but it's never like hey
I'm gonna work out my I hop joke on
Sturgill today well waffle houses so no
that was a better choice Waffle House is
synonymous with fucking knife fights and
brawls and Virgil Simpson 24-hour food
actually I used to work at IHOP my
loyalty's go back you know sing for
Waffle House
no one's totally relaxed at a Waffle
House at 2:00 in the morning fuck no no
some of those interesting people who
ever met my life were in the wee hours
of the night in a Waffle House oh for
sure yeah
for sure but you got to take a risk well
yeah you're taking the risk of that
delicious ass food delicious oh man did
you take those big slabs of butter and
laughter the shit out of that waffle I
just don't even worry about your
cholesterol count just pour that fuckin
syrup on it gives a fuck about calories
tonight we live and you cut out that ham
steak and eggs with that fucking waffle
with thick like a half an inch of butter
and these guys we do the shortstop's
themself sometimes two three more than
him and some of the others younger do
they go in hard and brave me or like
what the chili with the family well now
that was uh who did that Dalton Dalton
yeah don't shout out the dog was dalton
yeah it was he born before or after
Roadhouse that's really after but he'd
never seen the movie we started calling
him Roadhouse or double douche and I
finally had the see it he's like man
this shit was fucking wack I was like
you know nothing she's got the wrong
content she's dare to talk bad about
Patrick Swayze that's an all-time
classic terrible movie but in the best
way like you get super excited it's
exotic Keith Langley homoerotic looking
back now I mean that whole fight scene
with him in the guys I got I used to
fuck guys like you in prison what was
going on there yeah I think that's just
bad writing that's off God talking about
Swayze so handsome everything with him
was homoerotic right because he's
beautiful beautiful guy man yeah he was
a he was literally a ballet dance yeah
he moved like one yeah when he's like
the karate expert and shit like you said
just a right amount of muscular it down
brother that too man this is one of the
worst fights in SoCal bad this is like
in terms of movement ha dude the speed
of his techniques the impact of these
strikes look at this yeah boom boom oh
the double headbutt move oh the bottle
over the head there he is
oh my goodness Sam Elliot we've actually
seen a guy take a bottle to the head so
I can test for a fact that you can still
fight after taking a giant full unopened
bottle
Raghu's to the head oh fuck but only in
a Mexican discotheque in McAllen Texas
after a Dwight young he had a big white
cowboy hat on he looked like a
bodybuilder and he had two ladies at the
table and he was flossing hard and I
think he turned around in like this fit
a little game at somebody else's woman
and miles away oh yeah I'll be back up
that fucking story there's the first
real tour we ever did we finally got a
booking agent and we went out we did two
weeks opening for Dwight Yoakam which
was fucking awesome like felt like an
actual huge break you know I mean we're
like went from playing dive bar shit
holes to 12 drunks to like standing in
front of 4 or 5 thousand people so
Texans Texans with that and we were down
in farore Texas with pH a double R which
is right on the border and we went down
did the gig and it was fucking amazing
because it was in this giant auditorium
and they had these long tables like you
would have in like a school cafeteria
but they were just they were rows of
them as far back as I could see and when
they had it looked like it might as well
been 1955 man and we were playing the
hayride or some chicks it was those
white cowboy hats just an ocean a white
cowboy hats whites and Hispanics and
like everybody was exceeded and sort of
like turned sideways and joined the show
is a very civil little vibe and then
after the show the promoters these guys
were like you guys want to go to a club
you know I was like not really but you
know the younger guys might have there
was basically babysitting you assholes
at fucking kids in our so they round us
up and take us to this fucking
discotheque and we're the only green
goes in this place man and it was like
there was some serious Mochis boat being
thrown around it was a little a little
threatening and the guy starts telling
it they get on the mic with a DJ and
they're telling everybody that weird
Dwight Yoakam x'b and I realize like oh
shit this guy or a promotion tool you
know I mean to make his club look cool
we don't play for Dwight Yoakam but they
said it like 50 fuckin times you know
and finally we're just kind of sitting
in the corner
not speaking in mine our own business so
we don't die and miles and I were
sitting at a table and some chairs and
all sudden it's just liquid and bro
conglaturation and i kind of turned
around to see this guy sort of stumble
and the dew is still standing there
holding the bottleneck and it was like
he had these big unopened bottles of
Grey Goose like big-ass Grey Goose
bottles on ice and the dude just came up
to his table behind and like fucking
next one it took it to the dome whoo and
the guy kind of kind of stutter step he
turn around
he took his cowboy hat off and he went
out I'm gonna beat the fuck out of both
of them when I told Maas Lee I think
this is where we leave everybody
laughing yeah it just cleared the whole
place out whoa I couldn't believe it I
thought like would kill somebody it
depends on where you hit him and how you
hit him how hard you hit him you could
definitely kill somebody with a bottle
though right I mean it certainly
happened I was reading some horrible
story about a 13 year old kid who got
sucker punched and wound up dying yeah I
mean you get you could kill somebody
accidentally even if you didn't mean to
you hit somebody they fall they hit
their head they die it happens all the
time like the dead at the hockey game oh
that was horrible man this kid would
watch that happen o-over nothing over a
hockey / kids hockey
yeah man people get real weird
Bob's being awfully quiet I just want
you know he's fucking Bobby's bob was so
high last night you could say anything
this is probably Bob just was hitting
that joint so hard I didn't have
anywhere to put put it down you know I
was playing so I thought you're gonna
come over and take it the path wasn't
quite as clear as I thought it might be
yeah I noticed that right when we walked
down Justin
introduced and it was like where do I
walk to get to the name was it what was
the instrument that was facing the crowd
like to your left well up there
well the keyboard there's a Hammond b3
and then on top of that was a clever net
and what was this one that was face like
it was facing you but the back of it was
to the crowd was all exposed wiring a
cell b3 oh yeah yeah that's trip to look
back into the gears Bob's like a
gearhead kind of a reverse engineering
genius and we only use
like primitive audio gear and I'm pretty
sure now I've known him for since like
2011 I'm convinced he only does ik e buy
shit he knows a little break so he can
fix it that's it right there yeah
there's a picture from my Instagram yeah
it looks cool I mean it's supposed to
have a wood back but it looks cool looks
cool as fuck there man
but it's it it's it's very revealing
like there's a lot going on in there you
can surf from - I've seen him do it on
top of it you mean oh yeah Saturday
night Saturday looked over in Bob's
fucking plan Teen Wolf are organized all
right absolute joy at the same time when
I saw that symbol fall off and I looked
up like what was going on and Bobby was
standing on his Oregon oh why not why
not hey man fucking do whatever you want
just keep doing what you're doing do
whatever the fuck you want if you guys
can keep doing what you did last night I
love it I'm in it's only going up from
there really you know that was the first
one so we were we were very like
critical and unhappy but it was fun as
fuck man it was fun as fuck here we go
no that's when he did on SNL oh there it
is boom we uh it was the first time we
played that record last night mm-hmm
you know damn that's some good shit
right there man I was a lot of
adrenaline man as we're all literally
everybody made all the horns with us but
everybody in the band
you know you hear as a kid you dream
about that shit right there from the
time you didn't think about playing
music you know I mean yeah be one out
rockin SNL so before the second song
there we go yeah we were backstage and I
just told everybody like you know this
is most likely the only time we may ever
get to fucking do this so don't leave
anything out there you know yeah
somebody wrote a great article about it
saying that a musical artist named
Sturgill Simpson just snuck in a song
about the illegal heroin trade on SNL
yeah yeah yeah that happens it wasn't
like I didn't think
about it that way we just knew it should
be fun to play with yeah it is kind of a
I mean that's good yeah I mean that's
what it's about do you remember you ever
see that video of Geraldo Rivera got
walking through the poppy fields where
the military was guarding the poppy
fields no yeah the military was guarding
the poppy fields because in order to get
information from the people that lived
there you had to get them on your side
so the way to get them on their side was
to protect their heroin production so
got the United States military walking
through these poppy fields with her all
de Rivera interviewing them and they're
just explain suspect it's the craziest
thing you've ever seen your life feel
like what this is a movie mm-hmm this is
not real this is a movie Geraldo
Rivera's interviewing soldiers and the
soldiers United States soldiers fucking
machine guns out are guarding poppy
fields you know like what wait a minute
they're guarding heroin what where
Afghanistan
it's a fucking trip if we play it we
have an issue right if we play it how
does it work we'll get kicked out
towards it's not as easy to find it why
would you get really I mean I'm just
looking and it's hard to find now we've
played it on the podcast many times they
might be trying to wash it from the
internet
Wow they know dude it's a trip yeah it's
around the Rivera interviewing this guy
yes old clip it here it is so raw we
don't all play the volume because
otherwise we'll get kicked off of
youtube but when we're watching this
Geraldo Rivera is interviewing these
soldiers who are talking about how they
have to guard these poppy fields so they
guard these poppy fields so that they
can get information on the Taliban and
that these these guys who are the
farmers would be on their side you have
to see it if to see the whole thing it's
a long video that plays out what was it
was the Taliban would they burn it down
or do they just control the money from
it so good question I don't know are you
protecting the heroin or these farmers
like means of income that's a good way
yeah I think it's the farmers needs
politically I guess you're gonna raise
important question everything's about
money it sounds about right
was it the Taliban anti-heroin do we
know that
I don't know a heroin has ramped up
since since this time period
heroin use well from that time period of
that video yeah yeah
it just keeps ramping up right yeah
ramped up in Vietnam free or - yeah what
a coincidence crazy there's no way that
the United States government
back then the 60s when no one was
accountable would ever be involved in
heroin trade
I admit it right he's two elder
gentlemen in my life randomly in bars
who claim to fly airplanes for the CIA
in Vietnam I just assumed they were both
full completely full of shit who knows
did you ever see that see a CIA drug
plane that crashed in Mexico with like a
ton of cocaine on it they ran out of gas
and they would let him land in Mexico to
refuel because they knew what they were
doing yes guys like you know there's way
too much weight and they crashed and
it's the craziest fucking series of
images they look at this plane all
fucked up strewn across the field but
all the hair or the cocaine is intact
it's all stuffed into this airplane wow
that's what they recovered often this
but there's there's pictures of the
wreckage oh you can got to see the
wreckage in the background there yeah so
in the wreckage like as these planes
crashed it just plumb full of cocaine ah
that's a thousand pounds man that's so
heavy
oh no one is not a cure but it is all
memes that can't be right 400 straight a
lot edge did you ever see that uh that
Tom Cruise going to be about Barry seal
yes it's all about that it's all about a
few Cowboys rogue CIA agents that
decided tried biting Kalin's in that
movie for like five minutes and he
steals the whole fucking thing well
who's he places his wife's younger
brother oh yeah they're like little
degenerate dick shit yeah I he was
awesome he's a great he's a funny dude
that's a lot like the bluegrass
conspiracy you know about that what's
with that
bluegrass there was basically it was a
Lexington Kentucky police officer oh man
it was all the way up delivers the
governor's office yeah and it was it was
deep in Kentucky politics for years and
years and years and he
he was he was flying a plane little prop
playing with weed and like money
millions of dollars in cocaine he
crashed in Knoxville Tennessee and they
found on everything they didn't know as
a police officer until he died and he
was like he jumps out of the plane with
a parachute with the coke strapped to
him the way the fuck to shoot a hootchie
loafers they found him on the ground
with this chute half open I'm just like
yeah like a powder coke
yeah and a bear also ate all the cocaine
and died right a big strawberry
shortcake just laying there in a horse
farm field you know there's pictures of
all well not all how much coke does it
take to kill a bear it says how much he
ate I don't know if top my head oh poor
thing I think they have it stuffed in
Lexington that's a really good book you
should read that book bluegrass
conspiracy again wanted the true story
but it small state level corruption at
the utmost level and there's Kabira
story the legendary cocaine bear of
Kentucky I said Wow is that the bear
they mounted him Wow that's inside his
Nexus cocaine bear that's like a gold
chain looks like he's a rapper look he's
got his hat sideways he's gonna fuckin
sign rise next his cocaine bear it's all
gold no bluegrass I gotta redo that I
definitely had heard about the bear
eating the coke the Barry seals one is a
terrible one because the reason why they
found out about is because these two
kids found the coke drop they found the
coke and they wound up murdering these
two kids when they went to achieve the
coke and they put their bodies on the
railroad tracks and they told the
parents that the kids got high and fell
asleep on the where the railroad tracks
but the parents did an independent
autopsy and they found stab wounds and
the kids you know it's really fucked up
also we'll give that away I've seen that
when like transients or bums get come in
on you know it's always a part of art we
would have to find like young kids and
shit playing hop
or you know doing the gutter rat
lifestyle and $1,000 fucking North Face
parkas and shit usually you doing man
you're gonna die right they like bums
would come in on the trains and this
didn't happen our yarders over the north
guard this guy he thought they were done
with the movement you know you took 5700
foot steel with fucking 45,000
horsepower on the front of it like when
it starts moving it's very sudden and
hard so you just go to stand up all that
thing all of a sudden when it starts
rolling and then you you lose your
footing and you fall down the tracks
from the cars but when you get run over
by a train it's not bloody and messy
because they especially if it's been on
the mainline it's rolling really hard
and hot
you put a limb on a track or a body or a
corpse all that weight and friction and
heat when it goes over it just cuts it
like butter and Carter Rises everything
like pisses you off like sausage so we
find pieces not a mess just pieces oh my
god unless you hit a fucking cow or
something stand in the middle of track
and going 70 miles an hour and then you
just ass hold and guts hanging off the
front of the train does that even slow
the train down no never not at all a cow
doesn't smell like it's less than a bug
on your windshield whoa yeah could you
imagine being in the fucking seat the
driving seat I've done it have you've
actually seen it operated locomotives
I've never hit a cow but I've definitely
driven a train
what did was the biggest thing you had I
don't really hit anything nothing no I
mean imagine though being we were
switching I only operated one within the
yard so I'm probably like 35 40 miles an
hour tops but on the mainland when
they're really rolling they're doing
like 70 72 miles an hour like I said
it's 50 you know a mile and a half long
train with five four or five locomotives
on the front of it all 30,000 horsepower
each so look I mean you'd it's a bag of
fucking blood man you're not even gonna
but it just like do they have special
fronts that are designed to hit things
like that yeah it's a big giant steel
plow it's designed to push ten feet of
fucking snow out of the way it has to
whoa
yeah so like essentially like those
things that semis used for deer on the
the middle of
but it's actually a big steel shovel
with like a ax wedge and it Lo and it
just kind of just hangs and it's it's
about six inches off the rail itself and
its whole idea is to just splatter every
push anything out of the way and destroy
it so you keep the train from derailing
because the only thing holding those
things on the rail the inner flange of a
wheel set you know it's there's like a
little three quarter inch lip that kind
of hangs over on the inside of the rails
yeah so it's all just gravity and
downforce keeping that thing going so
you could put like a brick technically
you could take anything a piece of
fucking metal or a car jack and just lay
it on that thing when that train hits it
at 70 miles an hour it's coming off the
rail and everything behind it is still
going 70 miles an hour stacking up
behind it and I mean you go you don't
think about every time you pull up to a
crossing in the city and you see a train
go by ten miles an hour and there's like
20 tankers on there full of raw chlorine
you could really fuck some shit up if
you knew what you were doing you know
kill the whole city you derail that
train we have dos we'd have to think
about that and like Homeland Security
would come out and we have to have
courses and shit but you have so many
miles of track oh yeah you make sure
that nobody does anything are crews that
drive that track on daily basis and and
repair things and dude you freaked me
out
fuck training that's why I quit the job
if we had watched enough of those things
happen right in front of me and I was my
job to clean him up and get a crane out
there at a fucking cot in my office I
would live at the yard for three or four
days until we got everything repaired
and back together and rolling but like
you know two or three times where he'd
be sitting out there in the middle of
switching leads this happened where I
being a pickup truck at night or during
the daytime like with one of the guys I
work with you know maybe it's a guy
you're tired you're trying to get done
early and you got a bunch of empty cars
on the back and the dude puts the
throttle down before the air goes
through the system always rear of the
train so you know you got this dead
weight and thinks I'll fuck it I got
three locomotives I can push it'll be
okay
until the when they designed the system
100 plus years ago nothing has changed
since then it's a very primitive
functional air brake system design you
hook all these hoses up from the front
to the back
it runs air through which allows the
brakes to release so then the engineer
can control those brakes well if the air
doesn't go all the way to the back the
brakes are still on those cars so when
all this horsepower pushing rolling
metal hits metal that what does not want
to roll it just buckles up in a teepee
almost instantaneously goes off and you
won't even feel it if you're thirty cars
up that you're pushing shit into the
dirt and it's all just piling on top of
it if it's self and like I wasn't like
two seconds I watched this train go from
being on the track to literally digging
out a 10-foot trough of earth and just
just placing it and I think like every
day me or one of my guys is standing
right there I was like I'm gonna go
write songs dude good thinking yeah yeah
very good thinking it's a good job but
somewhere someone is on a fucking train
listening to this right freaking out
they're just about to go to sleep I'll
just listen to Sturgill Simpson let's go
write songs brother Aarthi trying to do
some bullet train is that one of you on
must ideas wants to do a train that goes
all the way across the country in 30
minutes or something I get from here to
Vegas first and then
mmm-maybe went up to Sacramento yeah and
I think people would use it the
Americans would use a mass transit train
system they don't use the one we have
really much welding sucks down here we
don't slow it sucks we ride them in
Europe cuz it's awesome when you come
you don't ever want to get on a fucking
train from DC to New York be the worst
day of your life really yeah man I did
it once never again I did a whole tour
on the East Coast by myself by train
awful experience why is it so bad
self-importance lack of compassion or
understanding of considerations of other
space on the part of Americans
Oh we'd only don't function well in
crammed spaces okay that's very specific
and then when I was in DC I came what
what stays at what stations a big one in
DC Union is the Union no that's that's a
good name
our station oh okay yeah you trained the
train got delayed they announced this
delay because of weather there's like a
downed power line there's a fucking
winter storms nothing you do and we
travel all the time and as you do so if
you travel all the time you don't get
the same anxieties about travel that
most people who don't travel all the
time good you can I would rather ride a
bus for 20 hours then go get on an hour
flight in a report because that anxiety
is just fucking palpable right
and she's like visually we kind of like
you go to this like calm weird place
like when we were out in the bubble on a
long tour where everybody's just sort of
like not not talking at the airport or
whatever it isn't you're just in your
little happy zone and I'm at this
fucking terminal in DC and they
announced his cancellation and this
place just erupts and it's like thirty
people live over screaming at the Amtrak
employees like it's their fault pregnant
lady get pushed down in front of me like
when they finally open the doors and
people are like trying to get up on
training straight up just knock this
pregnant lady down no you know it's just
like wow you go to Europe or Japan
everybody rides the tram it's panic be
like more people than you've ever
imagined in your train car and nobody is
touching one another
it's like sardines yet no one is
touching you there's so considerate for
the space and privacy and existence of
everyone around them that you feel
somewhat less crowded somehow isn't it
interesting culturally that they have
that whereas China has very very
different China yeah it's so we're easy
and then you know every country has
their own way of interacting it's it's
so so interesting Japanese it when I'm
when I've only been at Tokyo once but I
was like if you told me if I didn't know
about Tokyo at all and someone said hey
I'm gonna take you to another planet
where human beings live and there's so
much like you but their city is very
orderly and they have like beautiful
neon signs and great architecture and
they're all like there's millions of
them it's one island but they're super
considerate it's this weird parallel
universe that's what it felt like it's
like if you didn't know about the
Japanese culture and then you went over
there you'd be like what is happening
here why is this a real place like what
is going on it is about the most foreign
or alien experience as it as especially
as American life I was gonna tell
anybody to go anywhere to feel like a
mindfuck that would be the one yeah
that's what you told me earlier it's
kind of the place to that you can go
drinking at night and go in bars and
there's people passed out drunk right
there on the floor on the street on the
street with their cell phone and wallet
nobody's gonna funny what yeah yeah
where does that happen yeah it's a such
a unique country and you think about the
history and their contributions to the
martial arts in particular just I mean
the the warrior ethic of the samurai
like that book Miyamoto Musashi's a book
of five rings that's a great book for
your life just to just to think about
excellence in your life and pursuit in
your life and how all things balance out
all other aspects of your life like his
idea of being a great samurai you had to
also be created calligraphy had to be a
great artist you had to be able to write
poetry you had to be a balanced human
being in order to fight correctly you
know this fucking guy was like sixty and
OH in one on one sword fights mhm and
became a pacifist
yeah as a leader life and that book of
five rings is fuck man it's an amazing
book man we got a Musashi quote at the
end of the day anime film that's him
yeah that's him my mom yeah just that
whole the culture look what their
contributions to martial arts like what
they've been able to do with design
alright it's a interesting place even
their automobiles you know I mean they
make like bulletproof cars that last
forever
like they were the first people to
figure it out just make cars that don't
break
and go really fast yeah there it's a
fascinating culture so what what
connection did they have to the anime
thing do who like who was making all
that animation for you well we I had the
idea for the record first and we played
Fuji rock in 2017 I have a very good
friend a Japanese friend who grew up in
Kentucky on exchange program with with
my wife and he later moved back to Tokyo
for college came a radio DJ named
Shunsuke oh yeah and he did the radio
thing for a while then he got into voice
narration for Marvel over there he's
just a good dude and we were talking I
went over for a couple weeks before we
played Fuji Rock to hang out with him
and my buddies and get some time on the
ground and when the record was recorded
the month before I was like man it'd be
really cool to do some animated videos
for this out if it's like 1 or 2 and we
were we were sitting around his place
watching a lot of old animation and
anime films and the textures and the
color and everything is just stuff you
don't really see anymore and I was just
thinking about like some of my favorite
cartoons from that especially the older
stuff the seventies and eighties that
came from that world so he we decided to
start taking meetings with producers
just to get an idea like what would this
cost how long how long will it take is
it even possible would they do it and
just kind of trial and error for a while
we finally had a meeting with a guy
named Hiroki who was very understated in
the meeting sold himself short you know
just like a mid 50s guy on a track suit
but we come to find out a week later
he's the fucking man and like all his
buddies are the man too and those guys
are all so used to working under not her
so restrictions but if they take a
project on its from a big studio the
story is already dictated the parameters
are dictated like basically they have to
stay within someone else's lane with
their vision and so one of the first he
asked me this what what kind of
animation I was interested in so I named
off some of the references of the things
that I loved
was looking to sort of get in terms of
aesthetic and texture and he just went
straight to the guys that made those
things because they were drinking
buddies with all of them and June pay me
Sasaki especially was the one director
who I think shun translated all the
lyrics for them because I wanted them to
know one what the record was about and
so they could gauge interest and he just
sort of said at dinner one night he's
like you're talking about the same
things that I deal with as an artist
he's like a you know I feel like this is
this could be me talking we deal with
the same things in terms of dealing with
business and commerce versus art so he
just sort of reacted passionately to the
music and he just said I want to do the
whole record he's like this is kind of a
dream project for me and I said okay and
then there was like well how are you
gonna do the whole record in a year
because we've already been sitting on
this thing for a year and a half now he
they assembled four other directors who
were running teams or project teams at
the same time simultaneously and
breaking the songs up into chapters so
even though there's somewhat of a lunar
a linear narrative told out of
chronological order and then two little
sad vignettes which are sort of same
universe different world just to give a
different perspective on some of those
songs because some directors were doing
one song other teams had to and he was
overseeing the entire thing but had them
all working simultaneously on it so we
could finish on time so I went over six
times in the last year and I realized
about the second trip those visits were
very beneficial because those guys don't
do half-ass you know what I mean and
they won't they definitely pride
themselves on the work and they all
wanted me to be impressed so every time
I would come back they knew I was coming
I could tell that was really motivating
them to go outside the box and everybody
wanted to be the guy that blew my mind
the most you know what I mean and they
did every fucking time was just like
some of that stuff I know how they did
it and I don't know how they did it
where can anybody see the whole thing
Netflix oh it's all ins on Netflix right
now well you put some of it on YouTube
well yeah it's on to the label has to
have a single because they go you know
they got the relationship Spotify and
all that shit
so they got a which is also frustrating
because we make cohesive concept records
that are meant to be consumed as a whole
right and then like if I'm not going
radio why do I need a single you know
what I mean just put the fucking record
out skip the lead up the whole
traditional set up because we're not we
don't fit that model right just by
making records were antiquated you know
hmm
but they put a single out so they put
one section of the movie up on YouTube
which I think we'll take down now that
the whole films out but yeah for people
they'd be like what is going on here
yeah
yeah we basically made a you know heavy
metal or the wall but with Japanese
animators I love it
I wouldn't compare to the wall but same
idea just a visual it's a visual age
it's beautiful to the the the animation
that they did for it's really it's
incredible did you was it weird seem
like their vision connected to the to
your music no I mean I wrote the initial
story the the main by Alliance green
play and then told Jim Paley we were
trying to do an homage of specifically a
Jimbo and then a couple other famous
samurai films like Takeshi Kitano
Zatoichi and a lot of Kurosawa things
like very reoccurring storylines and we
were watching Kurosawa films in the
studio making the record on silent in
the control room just to kind of keep
our mood right like to keep everything
kind of dark and ominous and no
second-guessing so but yeah it's kind of
like a futuristic dystopian Yojimbo
which which is also Fistful of Dollars
where you got one town of people being
oppressed by a couple rival factions or
gang leaders and sort of using them for
their own building so in the future now
we just jump and I talked about it well
sex drugs and weapons and war are really
the main drivers of the economy so let's
just say that those are the only economy
you know those are the only things that
have value anymore at that point and you
got weird so I
give him a rough script and then they
just I said but you know I want you guys
to do what you do so feel free to add or
take things in any direction you want at
any time so then you get thirty women
with their tits out dancing and which
which was I that was June pays idea I
told him there was a very old famous
samurai film called Zatoichi and at the
end of it ones this blind swordsman
conquers this evil force and the
townspeople celebrate and there's this
very famous scene in the end of it with
his traditional dance and they're doing
this dance and I said you know can we
sneak this in as a dance sequence slash
homage and anybody that has to be like a
film buff geek like me would get it
anybody else just be like it's a fucking
cool so they decided to take the gimps
and the sex trafficked slaves so to
speak and then just make a big chorus
line but then they had a woman a
traditional Japanese dancer come in and
they put her on motion capture and
green-screen and she did the actual
dance from the film and the animated
everyone to that well I was like that's
pretty sweet I wouldn't thought of that
but he did what I wanted he just gave me
what he wanted to do with it now how
long is the whole thing we're that same
like the audio is the album it's 42
minutes Wow
it's a fucking brilliant idea man it's
really cool I just love the idea that
you're experimenting with something like
that just trying it out but it had to be
a long stretch it was like that was the
hardest part was sitting on it so long
and yeah hyper-focus gonna mix the
record I think three times and mastered
it twice and then we had to do a
surround sound mix for the movie so I'm
pretty fucking burn out on it I'll be
honest I'm ready to go play live but I
don't ever want to hear that shit again
[Laughter]
does that contribute to you the way you
get creative with the sound when you
perform in life you change out
absolutely yeah do you think you're
gonna do this in the future again like
this kind of animation this or is this a
one-off
oh no there's already talk of doing I
see I wouldn't do the music again I
would certainly I might if they want to
run with the story I'd be all about it
either prequel or sequel action but I
wouldn't want to make this sonic
signature again I would probably
like traditional Japanese musicians and
then contemporary production methods and
they actually have dialogue and sound
effects and make a story you're gonna
get into the cartoon business I got
three kids that would be fucking awesome
and it looks awesome I got to watch the
whole thing I got to check it out it's
really fucking weird man
it's super trippy light a big right like
that big Mike Tyson blunt when you get
home tonight at midnight your kids are
sleep and watch that shit and then think
about what a weird motherfucker I am now
when you when you think about like doing
another storyline like that like
following that story alive and thought I
haven't thought about it'd be pretty
easy though she rides off with the two
robots and there's like an AI monster on
lift dealt with or you could go back in
time to the origins of the the two slick
and slims feud with her dad and while
they show up to the dojo and kill
everybody I don't know there's all kinds
of that just right and making up shit
pretty straightforward yeah now when you
when you go back to writing new music do
you are you constantly working on new
music like when know when like when do
you decide like when when you have an
album release like when will you decide
to try it because you've been pretty
consistent like every what how many
years will be hot off and meta modern
came out like nine months apart from
each other
sailors God was 2016 now who are 2019 so
but we recorded their record 2017 no I
mean it's like there is a tread water or
drown mentality now everybody thinks you
have to be in front of people all the
fucking time or you got to be like
blowing air into your brain balloon on
Twitter and showing everybody L funny
and enlightened your to be a musician
but like I think sometimes the best
thing you just go fuck away and process
and recharge and like look for holes
that aren't being filled and the
exercise other interest and you know
what this like I said these guys I don't
want to play music with anybody else and
the only reason I would need another
band is like if I made a bluegrass
record you know so you just get the hang
down and the people you want to be
around and love and have
good time with like we keep like I said
we can make 10 records it's all going to
sound like 10 different bands because
they're all these guys having extremely
broad and diverse influences and ability
so I just don't you know why I don't
want to be in a box I don't want anybody
to put a lid on it for me
and we love all kinds of music so it's
not really saying we're gonna make this
kind of record we just went in and made
fuckin noise and this is what happened
with those tools it's it's interesting
to see this cut your conscious decision
to sort of just check out and recharge
well yeah I get you got a certain point
you just realize you're not in charge
and I'm a very controlling personality I
like to be I like to feel like I'm
getting control these to myself and with
music I've learned like you can put
ideas out there but they decide what
they want to be you know I knew I didn't
want to put a wanky fucking noodley
guitar solo on every single song two or
three of those on a record you're pretty
good to go especially now on the you
know the guitars kind of dead what bob
is an amazing keyboard player and we had
this badass hold mode Model D
synthesizer that does the dr. Dre shit
and we did it on one song and we just
kept going and cracking it out and like
putting like higher and a lower octave
and then running it through it amps and
blowing it out and getting it really
dirty like a big cracked out laser beam
I was just like that's the fucking sound
man we got to put that on everything and
like cohesively tie the album together
so most of the solos are Bob making this
fucking sweet ass like cent thing over
some Black Sabbath and I never heard
that record growing up you know so we
made that record Wow
so when when you're torn with this music
now and you're fucking with it and
you're switching things up like when we
you decide that it's time to write some
new shit we just tour and then stop
touring and then well I'm always writing
poetry do I anymore I used to sit down
with a guitar and like I'm gonna write
this song you get like a part in words
and you find meter and phrase I've
discovered I'm really just a poet it's
easier to write the words out and craft
the meter and phrase to those words
musically in the studio I would say both
all the other three records I would
probably wrote half of them while
you go in to make the record you think
you have the songs and you realize that
those songs are not supposed to be a
part of this record I would go home at
night and write songs that fit that
record where I would come in with parts
like sailors gotta had a lot of parts of
music they get pieced together in the
studio and these guys probably all
thought I was fucking insane for a
scared verge of death because he usually
I want to hear the song is like I got
some notes you know but really the music
happens you lock yourself in that room
with the right people for a matter of
days and you just keep going until it's
done and you have ideas in the moment
but now I don't even pick a guitar up to
write I just write what I want to say
what I'm feeling and then these guys you
know push and encourage and motivate me
to try to do the other thing as well as
I'm able go sorry are you writing
longhand are you writing on the computer
no I write always write it it was right
right your hand again I have notepads
and I'll go through and just scribble
out sections or pick this can fit with
this this record was varied
deconstructed I guess we did some loops
and we were like record riffs on a
certain key and then record that same
roof in the real key so I could take it
and chop it to a loop and make it super
precise like a hip-hop album and if some
stuff was just live as fuck you know and
you just have fun we had a lot of fun
mm-hmm the improvisational part of it
sounds terrifying but awesome
that's what Austin's what you want I
mean sometimes you get something if it's
a mulatto kook or something the first
take it's usually the one you keep you
know yeah when you go back and try to
make it perfect it sounds cool we'd and
we knew that having done this before so
with these sessions we win it that was
the only rule there was no second
guessing or indecision hence the samurai
films on the wall hmm cuz like in a
sword fight you got one fucking move you
know I mean that was like that was the
mo for these sessions like the first
thing is that matters the right thing
it's the thing so when you're doing that
new recording things do you pause and go
listen to it and play it again
how do you how do you guys do it
sometimes it depends you know if it
sounds cool like Bobby said then you
project keep it and if you're like
didn't really work trial Mills most of
his solos on the record really first
second take I mean Chuck I don't think
I've ever fucking punched a single thing
in Chuck's life Chuck is perfect he just
kills it he's the man the Bob I've got a
bunch of video somewhere computer Lee I
made him record all of his solos with a
jointness man like the intro thing
they're like we need a thing for this
and I was like well I needed
I need a doobie and I smoked it and I
just played them I have some of those
videos too of myself that point on every
time he played he had a jointness mouth
so he was like not just thinking about
the music it was like so you know
anything to just settle it was it was
pretty fun I mean we're kind of just we
were fucking wasted you know just kind
of like doing the Arsenio yeah can you
get to I and play music
only if you sir I'm still trying he's
always what did you say so you said you
want to get so high you don't even know
what's court your pleasure yeah I don't
know a song were playing I was like yeah
no the problem is like we get so high
when we record that and then we have to
remember that live or relearn it and
then if you get high live you can't
remember what you played high when you
record that is an issue so then you go
back and listen to recordings and go
what yeah I mean we had to look I had to
go back after before rehearsals this was
a really weird thing that's never
happened I went from mixing and like
processing looking at this film for the
past year to now we have to like learn
these songs so you're actually like
paying attention to what you did there
play these chords I was like wow fuck
did I do that
you know just so weird that and we did
it so relatively quick quicker than the
other stuff that we did shit you know we
yeah we had to learn it all over again
cuz I did we didn't remember doing any
of it it was just so creative and quick
like that they hadn't heard any of the
songs since we recorded them until I
send them the record three weeks ago
yeah yeah
is it surreal going and listen to all of
it after it's all pieced together a
little bit
yeah yeah for me it was yeah yeah it's
like riding a bike though really you
know especially not playing in a year we
know each other you know just jump back
on yeah I'm still catching things and
the recordings that I have don't play
live I'll hear little bits and things
still so Wow
I got a question when you're when you're
in the studio with them are you in
producer mode because you've produced
other artists or you kind of are they
kind of producers with you and you guys
are finding it together oh man I
couldn't I couldn't tell these guys to
do what they do
why would I mean I don't want to work
with you I want to work with the guys
that just do shit that amazes me but no
I'm not like I have a rough structure in
my head of what what it sounds like you
know there I guess I don't know you
might maybe you guys should answer that
question yeah I mean you said it but you
have an idea of what you want but you
you kind of give us the reins yeah if it
sucks I tell them tell us you know but
your opportunity to not fuck up like you
know a wu-tang vibe or so yeah and then
you know boo tang why so there's
definitely I have liked the idea of the
sound I'm chasing and it's hard to
articulate mm-hmm but with this it was
just I realized like maybe by the end of
the second day we were doing something I
know I hadn't really heard before
or maybe I was hearing like 15 of my
favorite records all at the same time
I'm just like okay is what this is gonna
be and it's probably gonna destroy my
career and that's okay because this is
fuck I like it know everyone brings such
a different clothing to it you know and
uh I'm obsessed with old records and
equipment and getting sounds like oh
what's this sound it's this piece of
gear in this I'm just like I'm obsessed
with it you know I'm just like we can
find those things and put them all
together in a big party - to be
completely honest was like every other
record I've made even the ones that
these some of these guys have played on
it was much more like I came in you're
the songwriter and like it's session
musicians you know and then you go out
and you're the commodity you're the
singing head you're the star and I think
maybe around 2017 there's a big
part of me that really rejected all that
the newness of it and like the
responsibility of it I just all ever
want to just play guitar and band you
know as a kid and maybe I wanted to feel
like a part of something that wasn't all
about my fucking head right I mean and I
realized like I was finally in the band
I've always wanted to be in since I was
13 in my bedroom you know it's like why
wouldn't I make those records right it's
funny cuz we'd imagine I mean think
about the first one that we made
together right opposed
yeah Bobby I've met I actually met Bobby
before I met Miles Bobby played organ on
my very first record I'd never met him
he got called down by the producer and
we instantly I was just like okay this
guy's cool shit and then I think like we
were hanging out for like a week and we
were going out we were both going pretty
hard in the paint still back then like
we Bobby and I would go out drinking and
they come home and wake my wife up at
4:00 in the morning eat all ice cream
and that was like yes and I think it was
one night in particular in Nashville I
was working at a fucking grocery store
he was sleeping in his car you know
we're both just like pretending we're
not miserable and enjoying each other's
company we went got real shit-faced man
and we were walking up the Mondrian
going to the only place that was still
open to get some food at like 3:00 in
the morning so all these meat market
bars are letting out and we both look
like a couple degenerate scumbags
probably and we walk by and there's this
group of like four or five obviously
Vandy fucking football players like just
huge dudes young men and pretty needed
and we're walking by and I hear one of
them say oh look it's The Strokes he's
like I love your records man you know
and I blew it off what everyone groan
asked me and I kept walking and then I
got about ten feet I don't know why I
could just tell Bobby wasn't with me and
I turned around and looked back to see
this motherfucker standing in the middle
of the circle of all of them like
literally eight inches from this guy's
face with his hands on his hip wearing
his LoJack and Bobby's from Detroit man
you know fucking play you know and I was
like all right well I guess I'm going to
jail Bob tonight and I turn around early
kind of walked
it's over there and about the time I get
to the group of dudes one of them was
eating a street hotdog and I will never
forget this as long as I live Bobby like
snatch the hotdog out of his hand and
kind of crushed it like a paper wad and
bounced it off his forehead Bobby was
like well now I'm definitely going to
jail a bobbin that you know so Bradley
Cooper's and you gives yeah the Bradley
Cooper's we called him Bradley Cooper's
because just like this swarm of like
dudes that had pink shirts on their leg
as Bradley Cooper's and I don't know
fascinating to watch them all
immediately knew that they were dealing
with something that they never
experienced and they wanted fucking none
of it I was like I'm gonna I think I
this is my new best friend move your
friends was God rest of my life just
hotdog destroying man it's not to be
fucked this just died this David Lee
Roth organ playing motherfucker
we were just walking having a drink
father and no body their dicks total yes
and then we went back need all of this
ice cream out of the same container with
it and now we sleep on a bus and have
our own hotel rooms the bus things got
to be a trip huh it's a lot like a like
a being on a ship yeah it's just like
Navy sleeping bunks and you wake up
every day and wonder where you are and
but no shitting on the bus where I can't
poop on the bus no my sort of thousand
dollars you know you can poop on other
people's yeah you don't poop on our bus
right so what do you guys do just tell
the guy to pull over to a rest stop yeah
you find a nice pilot somewhere in Omaha
and shit on the toilet the same 38
truckers have today you know it's
already warm
whoa it's Old Glory
the beats being in a van though by far
oh for sure right so you guys listen to
music playing music what are you doing
when you're on the bus movies movies
movies or you know watching Chuck cereal
very few comics travel like that birth
crisis is one of the rare ones he
travels by bus honestly man face on it
shit
having at the end of the day and at this
ant we are very grateful I want to touch
on that but like the bus thing it's a
quality of life issue as you will know
touring is all about quality life
there's no way to make it not suck
other than the show's themselves right
but everything else that 22 hours a day
it's like just trying to see if coups 1
or some kind of circadian rhythm so you
don't get all serotonin weird and shit
well that nightly adrenalin blasts is
the hardest thing on me I find after a
tour that I have to like figure out
what's going on in my brain and not be
you get home from that after six weeks
Yuki I can't get off the couch for a
week it was like this weird strange
fatigue I've never experienced in
anything else but the bus we kind of I'd
rather like I said I'd rather ride the
bus for three days then go to an airport
it's just you're in a cocoon it's your
home on the ground miliar it's a safe
haven they're all just chilling yeah we
hang out we're all around each other
more than we are our families most the
time when we're in this little motor
home hmm and if you get off it's just
like fucking Joseph Conrad man don't get
off the boat you step off the boat
that's when weird shit happens you know
right honey but when you guys go out how
long do you go out for like if you do it
well the first couple of Tours one of
those records were pretty brutal we
played about 300 plus reader straight
and 300 nights a year yeah well you know
I got a problem we're like I felt I had
to I felt I had to do that my wife and
kids on the way it was like this is it's
gonna make this fucking happen you know
and then you makes you happen and then
other people are making you do that now
because it's making so much money they
can't afford for you to not be out there
doing it and you reach a point of like
exhaustion and burnout you're not even
aware of because you're still doing what
you love every night right but all the
other shit catches up and you caught up
to me pretty pretty hard around the
second kid and I just realized like
there's a smarter way to do this that
will still provide for my family and all
these guys which is like less is more
and now I'll never tour like that again
just there's no need one but two
this is not healthy you're making a lot
of people happy but like it's not
healthy no it's not and that's where a
lot of guys get into substance abuse
exactly yeah James Hadfield just checked
himself back in a rehab yeah cuz those
guys at their age they got fucking more
money than God and are still out hitting
it harder than ever yeah you know after
the live well that actually when I get
me sued I better not say yeah no need
it's a that's a tough call man yeah it's
a real tough call yeah those guys like
the great things about comedy is you
only have to go out for a weekend you
know me really I sometimes I'll travel
somewhere for one night and come home
you know and most that shit I do is
around LA that's like the practice stuff
just to stay sharp but I have friends
that do the long touring and they start
to go crazy it get a little nutty man I
mean if you're single you don't have
children yeah but even then it gets a
little nutty but they feel even more
dangerous if you were single have no
kids it's real easy just to stay out
there forever
yes lost in that cycle of like
especially if you like coke well if
you're partying and drinking you don't
realize how tired you are right and then
where you do so be really cool we should
yeah right yeah foof yeah it's it's the
greatest job in the world
like to be a professional entertainer
but there's definitely some pitfalls to
it just like everything else there's a
balance mm-hm and those those guys that
run it too hard they they run that
engine too hot they should I think
anybody that really cares about it is
gonna be accused of that at something I
definitely pushed things too hard
I sing really hard I learn like singing
very hard and physical it it's just like
it's I don't know it's like you're tired
from the outside in and then back out
it's a weird feeling man comics always
talked about it the same way that when
they're on the road too much the word
stop meaning anything they're saying
these things but they don't have a
connection to it anymore they lose their
connection to the material and the only
way to get around that is to constantly
be writing new shit because if you're
doing the same shit for too many shows
in a row you start to go bonkers yeah is
that that's the
it seems to be correct me if I'm wrong
but looks similar to why you guys are
always changing your songs
you're changing like there was a few
songs he did last night that I recognize
the song but it was like a totally
different beat right a lot of it was
different you can't say the words but I
crimes the notes I can keep it inspiring
for me but I like focusing on the notes
that I'm singing or playing I don't even
read music I don't know what fucking
notes I'm singing I just know like he
can probably tell you more about that
theory Master when I was a kid I used to
hate live albums because I felt like
they went too fast
I'm very few of them actually were alive
really yeah they're faking it they're
faking it I kiss alive too
it's totally not a lot of it oh.what
Frampton Comes Alive that's real no no
what are you fucking oh yes records
definitely studio record with all really
yeah maybe we should get up that's
marketing genius come on is that true
yeah whatever so maybe we should look it
up are you looking at mostly Wow I'm
pretty sure the kiss record was a
fucking but they sound they were like
this you can tell by the sound and it
sounded well I'm a moron I don't know
anything about music but to me it
sounded like they were performing the
songs faster which I always attributed
to them being like hyped up because
they're in front of an audience the
tempo is that out that's exactly right
the adrenaline because everyone's going
crazy you just yeah that's what I
assumed because I won't listen it would
sound different on some of those records
that might not even be them playing they
get ghost players and they have two
summers and stuff like donkeys which
those records are incredible you know
because it's all the wreckin cru playing
the playing the music
those are good songs they're never there
Harry Nilsson and Neil Diamond wrote at
90% of that shit that's why they're
great songs you know it's like the Beach
Boys The Beach Boys exactly and the they
were all cut out here with the 18
musicians the Monkees made some killer
records I saw her first
porpoise song almost psychedelic things
I've ever heard yeah they got they got
dismissed because everybody knew they
were kind of an artificially created
well they were yeah that they were put
on television they were singing it yeah
they were actually singing it
who do you guys think is the best singer
of the Monkees Oh Mickey I don't know
who's the best I don't know the best
singer I think so I wouldn't know one
name
I know Mickey I mean Mickey Dolenz Davy
Davy has the cleanest voice I think I
don't know but if he was my cool well
the other monkey's Micky Dolenz Mike
Nesmith some Peter Tork my Nesmith and
Peter Tork Peter Tork was Mike and Peter
with real musicians Mike made the best
soul records I think yeah I think
Mickey's a good singer Mickey was a good
kind of sings it's kind of annoying
Louise some of the R&B stuff on like
head or something you know it's annoying
yeah it's a little much have a scene
head I don't remember it no oh man you
gotta watch the movie it's what is it
the Monkees movie The Monkees made a
movie
it's like psychedelic has like Brian
Brian Auger and like Julie Driscoll its
head yeah all these like guest musicians
like as in your head like like feed your
head like Jefferson Airplane like do
drugs really it's it's an insane like a
psychedelic what in the fuck oh my god
those are pretty incredible it's a I
live in an alternate universe I didn't
know this existed do you think that's on
Netflix please check was an event
footage Ellie's in it
whoa powerful in that footage Ellie just
Sonny Jack Nicholson Sonny Liston's in
it the boxer yeah oh my god look at Jack
fucking Nicholson man
western desert saga war film musical or
a film science fiction it's memorable if
I have the things on Netflix might might
have to recommend that people and we
should have a fight companion where we
just watch head which is unusable it's
it's on YouTube okay good
good to know that's what we'll do we'll
have a fight companion where we watch
the monkeys have a list of movies Oh
Jefferson wrote the screenplay did he
really yeah Wow Bob Rafelson yes
nineteen see what does it say 68 eight
big box office $16,000 it meet bro it
made sixteen thousand dollars in the box
office
somebody got fired for that fucking
movie
when did they try to make it 68 when was
the monkey when was it over for the
monkeys was just like their their
attempt at 67 68 was sort of the peak
right I don't know probably after that
movie man
when was the TV show late 60s 60 they
had to make they got a cancelled so they
could make room for Joyce DeWitt
chieftain Three's Company yes Chuck and
I have the official Joyce DeWitt
appreciation fan club if you want to be
a member we could talk about it I think
I'm ready in alright I have my own
chapter yeah but joining these guests
yeah it's different you know how do you
guys rock it I can't say it on a
five-year-old fetish obsession level
maybe I don't know I used to be a Mary
Tyler Moore fan that was my gal she's no
Joey's the wood no but it's not suzanne
somers
no Chrissy can go home really why do you
think that do you think she's too needy
mm-hmm
what happens with Chrissy did she's just
not used to it that's just your thing
yeah you feel like she was overlooked
sort of like ginger no not ginger Mary
Ann sort of like Mary Ann from
Gilligan's Island
Janet overlooked seemed like it
Mary Ann was definitely overlooked yeah
everybody was in a ginger area looked
like a giant painting I mean I mean
ginger rather look like a giant pain yes
it was George that's not her is it
everybody gets old come on is that a
mugshot yeah that probably looks good
hops DUI yeah sorry sorry Joyce but when
she was in her prime
what a doll and she very kind of God's
creation you know what it says on her
shirt
No
do you remember when they took suzanne
somers off the show yeah she had a call
in she was like calling in it's like hey
it's me I know I'm still on the show but
uh wanted vacation I miss you guys by
like that was her being on the show
mm-hmm did they'd have a phone call with
her and she wouldn't be interacting with
them cousin Cindy took over yeah and
then they fired her right it was like
contract negotiation that was the first
time you realize like even people on TV
are never happy
right they're on TV they want more money
and their wolf the Regal Beagle oh I
remember that remember when they
switched the the old folks - yeah I went
for mr. Roper to me yeah that's right
mr. Furley was a decent not no I was a
good feeling our guy at Dan Tana's last
night it was basically mr. Furley really
that's mr. Furley never our mr. Furley
never broke the wall though the way mr.
Roper do doesn't mean you get a zinger
in and like look at the camera yeah mr.
Roper had a special sense of humor and
he was also like a lovable pervert right
remember he was like really into the
girls mr. rose right was it done not sir
but I thought the other one was kind of
a perv - he was married this is rope -
the girls yeah yeah yeah yeah guys can
be way more pervy on TV back then oh
yeah that was a player
remember believe that I met John John
Ritter John Ritter was on an episode of
News Radio super nice guy real real nice
guy like everybody loved him I always as
I got older I always wondered about that
guy because I'm always been fascinated
by people who do a lot of pratfalls
mm-hmm like those those guys get really
hurt yeah like that that pratfall shit
it's like it's so it's like you're
playing rugby with yourself you're
throwing yourself into chairs
to the ground you're falling down the
way somebody falling down falls down
yeah you're falling down and taking the
impact on your fucking back and a lot of
those guys get like significantly
injured and if you read back on like
ancient movie stars like a lot of them
got like really badly hurt was Buster
Keaton got had the broken neck we showed
this video of him he did these crazy
stunts and one of the stunts he did like
you had this water come down from this
thing and hit him in the head who told
us about this
was it Penn Penn Jillette and he broke
his fucking neck from the water hitting
him they didn't anticipate the weight of
the water and the water was so powerful
that slammed him to the ground and broke
his fucking neck and he continued at the
scene and then later when he was older
the doctor was examined it was like when
did you break your neck he's like I
never did the fuck you didn't like you
bro you broke your neck your neck get
even now he's running around a broken
neck different humans back then son they
made people different
well the cliff booth yeah but him Jack
Tripper
John Ritter was he did a lot of
pratfalls man a lot I was wanted about
guys like that I'm like how much pain is
that dude it like you're like what's his
face Chevy Chase that was a I gotta
think that was a contributor to him
being cranky because always people
always say that Chevy Chase is cranky
but there was some recent thing where
he's yelling at somebody for something
guys probably in fucking pain all the
time from falling down like guys with
back injuries from doing a lot of those
those pratfalls like they're always
throwing themselves up in the legs up
Pam bouncing off the ground
it hurts being Clark Griswald yes that's
right all that shit he did right he was
always falling down right he was always
falling down oh yeah now getting fucked
up man yeah that's right he did fall off
the villa or the Attic I wonder what
they did with that how did they have
they set that up he's done guys you
think it's hard to say man
I don't know I ventured in the thespian
a little this is a little bit more
soulful but they know I was not really
the stunt guys to do the crazy shit but
like you know you can still get fucked
up stunt guys get fucked up a lot my
friend Tate just
severe concussion from doing some stunt
work in a movie you have a hard time
looking at lights yeah I fell on my back
and some rehearsals for a movie last
year we had to go to New Orleans for
like a week and rehearse this scene
because it was gonna be one like 12
minutes shot and Daniel Chloe and I had
to like body slam each other on the
pavement about 20 times one day and I
guess I landed on the pad on a curb
wrong and I got home that night and it
felt like my kidneys were on fire and
then I had to piss like every three
minutes for the next week I had some
blood tracing so of course the next week
is when we went to actually film the
fucking thing in Cleveland little polar
vortex we're out there in the chute and
the whole time I'm just like I felt I
got a bladder infection
from just from falling down one time
wrong and you have to do it again oh we
did it like a hundred 50 times for this
moving through the for one scene in the
movie it yeah I'll never like question
how hard those people work ever again
man did you get an MRI did you get I
went to a doctor in New Orleans and she
checked it out and said there wasn't
like there was trace blood but nothing
was she said don't be a pussy don't yeah
pretty much
I was like all right only be a pussy oh
yeah that kind of impacts not that's no
bueno yeah it's a weird way to make a
living I mean you guys probably have a
every single person that does your job
after for at least a few years probably
has sustained impact and stress injuries
that would imagine oh yeah dudes are
jacked up all the time these are jacked
up while they're active duty like the
guys that actually walk in here and are
on your show like they're they're
probably all jacked up and then they're
probably the better off ones cuz they
took care of their bodies a lot of
people don't do that that's like
becoming more of a thing like the
tactical athlete but knees I mean my
knee was getting janky before the foot
blew off of how much that was from
squatting eight thousand pounds all
through your 20s like I would say that
was a preventative measure really like
you're maintaining like same like you
train all the time like you maintain
going through full ranges of motion and
take keeping structures
loaded and pliable strength training and
new conditioning endurance based stuff
and maintain mobility that's like you
lose mobility you start dying yeah for
sure definitely with when it comes to
like anything that's gonna be throwing
you around or battering you into
something the more muscle more strength
you can put into your body the more you
can protect yourself but obviously only
so much but would you know when you
think about wrestlers or anybody who
does anything when they gettin slammed
to the ground a lot you know they're
mostly doing it if they're doing it as a
competitive wrestler doing it on mats
you know they're cushioned you know if
you're doing it on the street like and
they've got you doing some sort of stunt
maneuvers like what kind of pads they
have underneath you like that's like a
basic martial arts like a big thick bad
boy real thick little blues and ones
real answers that fold up because they
want to see your body actually hit the
ground correct and then when when they
actually shot the thing the only thing
that we didn't what the actors apart
were I definitely had to like judo flip
his ass off onto a pad and we did all
that but then like the stunt guys came
out and did that shit for real onto
frozen fucking concrete and negative
twenty degrees I was like oh yeah y'all
have a test you know but they for real
like dude straight up suplex this
motherfucker on the pavement they had
knee pads and elbow pads on everything
but you know it had to look real those
are the guys you wonder how that how
long that career lasts that's where I
can't wait for robots to get really good
at body slams you know you see what
they're doing now with the parkour
robots and shit that's what we need just
robots body slamming each other or just
get it to where CGI doesn't offend me
you know right now I can watch the
avatar the other night again when you go
back and like look at all those old
Jackie Chan movies knowing what that guy
is putting his body through oh my god
for sure yeah no doubt about it
definitely was slammed into things left
and right but if you go back and watch
avatar it's fucking first of all it's
awesome
I mean it's fucking awesome it's really
good but
the CGI it's so obvious that's not real
people so the guy who invented the
software that James Cameron used to make
avatar did the video for the number four
song on this Michael arias she's still a
great Freddie guy was so fucking genius
he couldn't articulate senses it was
like the driest meetings I've ever been
in his brain there was so much shit
going on on levels we could never
comprehend that he was late so I thought
seriously Wow you know but he's making
computers and shit
I can't that was ten years ago than ever
I came out too which is crazy I didn't
know it was that long ago some fucking
great scenes in that movie man people
got depression after that movie they got
a think they're called avatar depression
because they wish that they were living
in Avatar they wish that they were on
Pandora they wish they were the Navi
like living a spiritual life conviction
connected to the mother earth
what would they call er a WA right if
they only knew they are hmm yeah but you
know cell phones and shit they really
want to be flying around on Turtles me
shoot girls and housing people you know
see I need to be on Twitter in the coud
like that but that's a powerful movie
where people actually get depression
from not living in the place where the
movie was taking place I've never seen
it never seen but I haven't seen you
knees either though so let's not again
you know have you never seen the Goonies
born in 1992 yeah but have you not going
back avatar that doesn't make any sense
when that's 2009 what did you get abused
as a child no just I'm just waiting to
go on the road so we can watch ideas
dude you gotta watch avatar man it's a
three-hour masterpiece you might tear up
a little bit yeah we now I got something
to do
dude it's a dope movie James Cameron can
direct the fuck out of a movie he can do
just about anything he wants to do it
basically if you can't do it he just
invent some shit so he can go do it but
I forgot how good that movie was I
haven't seen in forever
and watch again I was like fuck this is
a good movie it's fun people go out it's
like an alien version of Pocahontas
save it save that shit keep it to
yourself I enjoy it it's a trippy
fucking movie man it's fun but every
story is like a version of another story
that's always existed classic archetypes
that are unavoidable doesn't mean it's
not an awesome movie fucking pain in the
ass goddamn malcontent out there there's
always somebody avatar is fucking
terrible he's like that movie's terrible
you have no soul there's nothing inside
you
it's a lolly Roadhouse
exactly this if you were you sober when
you watched it yes yes I was how dare
home brother how dare you for the
insinuation um there's a lot of colours
to be like white again you know when you
can't be so before showgirls the
showgirls might be the ultimate bad
movie with elizabeth berkley Oh remember
yeah she played she played a girl trying
to make it as a choker on Vegas and it's
just like cartoonishly ridiculous and
they have a scene where they she's
having sex with Kyle what the fuck's his
name what's that dudes name Jamie guy
from Twin Peaks Jamie anyway she has the
most preposterous sex scene in the
history of film where she starts
flopping around there having sex in a
pool and she starts flailing just
flailing like you would you would have
to be an asshole to keep fucking her
like a healthy person to be like this
girl is having a psychotic break I need
to step away stop thinking about my deck
and and help her she's my friend and
she's fucking she's having some sort of
a psychotic seizure
she's flailing like flopping back and
forth and flailing if you were dating a
girl like that book oh my god dude she's
so annoying
she everything she does just to throw
her body around flail you've never seen
that scene your about it up on here
before but it's Turtles never seen it oh
okay
what what year is this movie 95 oh I was
thinking it's right when I first girl
this is how it is out here huh
I've seen you try to block it out David
that still from our still remember that
billboards on Sunset I was driving down
sunset first year living
and I was like looking at shit what the
fuck up piece-of-shit movie is this
these people are into but it's one of
those movies where you watch like people
forgot how bad it is
it's the cocaine days of films when they
were making these movies they where
obviously someone was on coke someone
making that movies on coke is there but
do you have a video yeah you see you see
her Tatas
- absolutely seen the same before you've
never seen it
stir it's off no I've seen that it's
awful it's awful but if you get really
really high it might be good again the
sex scenes not good it's so much worse
but that's what's good about it it's how
terrible it is the other movie you have
to get you guys have to see on the road
Grizzly Man you've seen that the
documentary yeah yes the greatest
unintentional comedy in the history of
comedies the what could go wrong what
was the thing you showed us yesterday
bear that were through the 80s movie Oh
bear eats mushroom when he eats the
mushrooms he has a bear I hadn't seen it
but maybe have you seen no there's a
movie about him barely two mushrooms
Jamie look up the scene on YouTube what
is this movie about it's about a oh
these are Amanita muscaria when i was
really fucking terrifying he's like sees
a butterfly or something and he's
tripping balls so this is a nature
documentary
oh it looks like a real bear though so
we're not sure they did I don't think
that's what the bear seen things maybe
the Bears taking a nap bro oh this is
hilarious that Amanita muscaria mushroom
is a weird mushroom that's that one that
they think is that's from the gianmarco
allegro book the sacred mushroom and the
cross he attributed that to the birth of
Christianity makes a pretty good outfit
though yes it does the Santa Claus
outfit was a pope yeah the Pope yeah
there's a lot of connections between
mushrooms and ancient Christianity it's
fucking really interesting stuff holy
shit
what are we watching this is what this
is this is the bare bears trip inspires
driven balls they glued up
fly to him look at us not really there
oh it is real yeah oh god will you ever
see the Jaguar tripping out on ayahuasca
Jaguars eat the the either they eat work
they're either eating the harmine or
they're eating the ayahuasca vine one of
them one of the two might just be the
harming whatever the eating is having
some sort of a psychedelic effect on
them and the Jaguars eat these leaves
and then just line up and their pupils
are dilated they're tripping balls like
obviously tripping balls like to see a
jaguar rolling around on the floor in
the middle of the jungle after eating
leaves it's very strange
you've never seen that no young Jaime
please I was trying to find out what
that movie the bear was all about I just
thought for 1988 what is it about in the
whole movie I don't that's about life of
a bear I don't know some kids maybe from
Francis I mean Alison Wunderland sit
find a Jaguar high on DMT to trip you
watch this Jaguar eat these leaves here
it goes go full screen young Jamie go
full screen look at him he's tripping so
this Jaguar he seeks out these these
plants eat some and then he's just lying
there like
[Music]
the thing about the people who take that
ayahuasca too is they see Jaguars it's
part of the vision one of what they're
doing is connecting to some Jaguars that
are out there tripping balls to look at
them really yeah yeah that's a really
common vision that people take ayahuasca
they see serpents and they see they see
Jaguars spirit hmm it's my eyes you ever
seen young guns mouth nope when they go
to the spirit world
it says how come they ain't killing us
because we're in a spirit world asshole
they can't see yes that was a Charlie
Sheen's brother correct Emilio Emilio
Estevez he's the only one who kept the
family name right yeah they're all the
real name is Estevez but Emilio took a
chance he's like I'm gonna go with this
whole Latino angle my first name is
Emilio Latino right because Charlie
Estevez like yeah you've been
compromised you made his own name it is
a bunch of handsome bastard
Kiefer Sutherland everybody look at them
all Lou Diamond Phillips in the house
who's that other guy in the back of that
guy hit a shitty agent Duram early
morning oh yeah he was in a bunch of
those movies but the other guy who's
that the case yes l'm Asko oh hey case
shout-out to Casey so uh let's wrap this
bitch up I think we're way too high to
be making any sense to people I have a
question for you though please um do you
know who butcher Brown is oh yeah we got
to have ours yeah whose butcher Brown I
think its first name is John he's a
doctor that did a bunch of like
unlicensed sex change surgeries in like
garages hotels
he's on murder pedia if Jamie wants to
what's your brown Wow
so he did unlicensed sex change
operations and people died from it yeah
well he is so mimic dog eating raw hot
dog extreme coffee raw hot dogs
it's eating hot dogs and cutting off
dicks nothing worried there
everything's yeah keep going bro that's
the most ridiculous thing I've ever
heard he was eating raw hotdogs and
cutting off dicks
that's what he does ooh man ha drinking
dr. pepper and how many people did he I
think it was almost I mean it was
hundreds there's a like a detailed
descriptive article did it work on
anybody did everybody die you got to
read it if you watch head and read that
why did you auto all the things to curse
me with but he's gonna change a doctor
America's worst doctor well ever I think
ever once you read it crazy clueless you
see the gas picture and you're like yep
let me see the picture Jimmy heat
silicone wherever you want it for like
200 bucks you know and then just like
what call come on get up with Krazy Glue
and tell you to lay down flat for two
days
oh my god but a lot of business I'm not
sure I found it work on anybody imagine
if you like made one bomb ass like it's
a great job it came out great once and
he's like I'm just chasing that dragon
every time I'm trying to get one time I
nailed it look at here why mine a cock
in this lady's ass cheeks and up dude it
helped okay man to look better most the
time it looks like a disaster you found
under yeah see what butcher bob looks
like I don't like to judge people based
on a period but oh my god look at the
frown on his face he's like a caricature
that's a smile
I would not assume that guy's friendly
homicide self-appointed sex change
specialist practicing medicine without a
license oh he didn't even have a license
yeah damn it they should make a movie
about this guy and let Bryan Cranston
sentenced to 15 years to life died in
prison in 2010 that he has a the funny
thing is you read in here that there's
another guy that's his competition
that's the second worst doctor or
debatable but it was this guy a real
doctor now he was a said self-appointed
I don't know anybody's I mean I thought
he had like a some sort of a military
thyroids or everything self-appointed
sex change specialist hundreds of
operations you know don't do that for
any gay doctor it's his place was called
what was it called like the room of
dream born into a strict Mormon family
Brown was a gifted child oh boy how many
fucking disaster start out with that
sentence born into a strict Mormon
family Brown was a gifted child that's
the open parts of a novel that it was
terribly wrong
he had a miniaturization technique for
clitoris
he took the patient's penis and turned
into a clitoris apparently guaranteeing
his clients full sexual pleasure he
presented his work in the 1973 medical
conference where his technique earned
him the respect of some of the world's
most famous surgeons without surgical
qualifications Brown had to perform his
operations the most unlikely in
inappropriate locations one early
patient remembers going to his office
assuming he would do a checkup
but awoke from the anesthetic to
discover that he had operated in the
office he turned his garage into an
operating theater and the more
operations he did the further his
standard slips oh my god the concerns of
his peers many of Brown's patients
appeared to be happy that's like if you
bought a really small book it would end
right there one of his early patients
Elizabeth had been delighted with her
surgery and your later things started to
go wrong her vagina started to tighten
and close up tight Brown was abandoning
his patients and leaving them to other
surgeons like dr. Jack Fisher to pick up
the pieces he says it's hard to imagine
anyone worse than John Brown
he didn't care much for any evaluating
his patients before surgery or for
post-operative care he was totally
focused on the technical procedure
itself and he didn't do that very well
Jesus Christ man puts
good shit out in the world oh why have
you done this to him buddy right there
yeah you got to do head this and then
watch a shucking buck Johnson man what
is shocking buck him why do I not want
to look what the fuck he did sure play
games yeah hey Jamie look up well you
want to play a game what's Chuck and
buck was awkward fucking film ever made
wait a minute more awkward than that
what was that one with a dude they made
the room where they made a movie
what's-his-face the fucking Bob Joe made
a movie about the movie being named
remember the room you guys know that
movie the room where he played the you
know it is the James Franco actually
made a whole movie the movies so insane
James Franco made a movie about the
making of the movie about how insane it
was it's a guy was like this dude who's
like an actor and things weren't going
so well so he put together enough money
to make his own movie but it's terrible
and in every scene he was like making
out with girls yeah Tommy yeah it's it's
hard to watch it's one of those movies
it's so bad like you think you're gonna
get schizophrenia from watching it like
it's distorting reality in a way that
does not it's not compatible with your
senses it's confusing you watch scenes
in the film that's the that's the movie
called the room and he bought billboards
around town when I first moved to LA
there was a billboard around town for
the room for a long time I were to get
the money I don't know somewhere
terrible that's just not cheap yeah I
think that movie was what they move
across we're watching truck and bus
trailer in case there's anything worth
oh you think this is the Chuck and buck
trailer and what is chucking buck about
oh you just keep the scene what is it is
there a scene called let's play a game
so what is Chuck doing here he's messing
with some dials and he's laying back and
then this guy's packing up his gear and
he's getting his car you know tell me
what the fuck is this movie about man
find out what am I gonna get it from
watch it is that Ashton Kutcher no who's
that guy that handsome bastard well
yours this
mm that might be ashton kutcher bro that
is Jack Black's roommate from school
around it yet oh that guy right there so
if we can't listen to this I have no
fucking idea what's going on and there's
no way you can listen to this know
someone have to do this offline I'm
gonna have to just like I said go home
kids were sleep spoke blunt force our
anime film and then right after that
watch Chuck and buck yeah I'm gonna
don't want to definitely watch your
anime film first yeah Chuck and book I
don't know if chuckles buck is yeah I
think I gotta go with head naps you
might actually want to enjoy fury to end
on something positive and cool and good
yeah but I might be wrecked
listen sleep the ameba what's in your
bag Joe Rogan joking buck head doctor
yeah that's a good description right
there an oddly naive manchild stalks his
childhood best friend and tries to
reconnect with their past genius
all right gentlemen thank you for last
night it was fucking awesome thanks for
being here today the album it's out
Sturgill tell these people what it is
where to get it sounded fury I don't
know where the fuck you would go by that
probably works or iTunes itunes record
store or you can steal it on Spotify and
just come in the show
your call well open invitation special
forces foundation.org get that shit get
that shit all right thank you gentlemen
it was a lot of fun cruciate times thank
you thank you my pleasure bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]